Rick: I suppose you think it's pretty weird, don't you Mike? Well, you'd be right. 'Cause THAT'S the kind of guy I am, right? WEIRD. Which is why I go over people's heads. A bit like an aeroplane! You think I'm an aeroplane, don't you, Mike? Well, I'm not.
%
Rick: Neil, are these lentils South African?!
Neil: well... ummm
Rick: You Bastard! You complete and utter bastard! why dont you just go out and become a Policeman? Become a Pig? there's no difference you know?! I suppose you hate gay people too! Hippie!
%
Rick: None of you ever give the slightest consideration to a word I say!
Vyvyan: That's because you're very boring!
Rick: OH! Oh, and I suppose you think ideas like peace and freedom and equality are boring too.
Vyvyan: Yes, they are.
Rick: Ha! Fallen into my trap. In that case, why isnt Cliff Richard boring, clever trouser? Tell me that!
Vyvyan: *Stands up and hits Rick's head on the table*
%
Vyvyan: I've been down the morgue! ... I got a leg!
Mike: Hey Vyvyan, that's not unusual.
Vyvyan: No look! I'm supposed to write an essay on it, but I think I'm just gonna stick it on the bonnet of my car!
%
Rick: I think Special Patrol Group is a stupid name for a hamster!
Vyvyan: Okay, I'll change it, then! Hello Cliff Richard!
Rick: Bastard!
%
Special Patrol Group: I could murder a curry! [farts and flies across the basement]
Vyvyan: Poor Special Patrol Group.
Rick: What's poor about him?
Vyvyan: It'll take ten weeks to starve another one.
%
Rick: [To Vyvyan] Shut up! I'm trying to stir my coffee!
%
Vyvyan: I thought you were dead!
Neil: That's no reason to hassle me on the toilet!
%
Neil: What are you doing with my crucifix, Rick?
Rick: Protesting!
Neil: I don't wanna bring you down or anything, but I think that is a really negative way to try and kill yourself, I mean I tried it hundreds of times, there's no way you can hammer in the last nail.
%
Vyvyan: We had a front door at the last house.
Rick: Yes, Vyvyan, but it was nailed to the ceiling in the living room!
Mike: Rick, it had to be done.
Vyvyan: Yeah! I had to! I was drunk!
%
Statue: More bloody students...
Sunflower: Oh shut up, and put some clothes on.
%
[Rick demands an explaination as to why Vyvyan removed the toilet from the bathroom and threw it out the living room window]
Vyvyan: It's a well-known fact that you don't have to pay as much rent for a house with an outside lavvy!
Rick: Ahh... you know what Vyvyan, I think you did it on purpose because you know I've got a runny bottom!
%
Vyvyan: Shut your face, traitor! [Hits Rick in the crotch with the bat]
Rick: Hah! Missed both my legs! [grimaces]
Vyvyan: [smacks Rick in the head with the bat] SHUT UP!
%
Rick: Five pounds to get in my own bedroom?! Hah! What have you done, turned it into a roller disco?
Mike: Uncanny!
[Rick walks into his room to find that it has indeed been turned into a roller disco.]
%
Rick: [Catches a golf ball] How's that? [Realises it is actually feces and groans in disgust, goes into bathroom and comes out] Who's been using my toothpaste?!
Mike: Vyvyan was writing an essay and he used it as Tipp-Ex.
Rick: Bastard!
%
Title Card: Underneath the Staircase: A Look at Everyday Life Beneath the Stairs
Cloth: Oh dear me, ma'am. I know it's our job to look after the young gentlemen as best we can, but I can't help but feel Young Master Neil do treat us very rough sometimes.
Brush: And so he should, young Lucy, for we love it. The complete negation of our personalities, the mind numbing servility, and the eighteen-hour day, and we expect no reward but a staircase over our heads.
Polish Spray: Oh yes, the personal abuse is our lot. And the further back you go, the better it was!
Brush: Now, everyone, the masters are coming downstairs to beat us. Not a peep out of you. Best behaviour, or you'll have me to answer to!
%
Mike: Who're you? I'm coming in here to watch Postman Pat.
Alexei: [the band leader] This is the band Radical Posture, and my name is Alexei Yuri Gagarin Siege of Stalingrad Glorious Five-Year Plan Sputnik Pravda Moscow Dynamo Back Four Balowski. Me Dad was a bit of a Communist, know what I mean?
Mike: You know you're the spitting image of our landlord, Jerzei?
Alexei: Yeah, he's my uncle, actually, you know.
Mike: It's incredible! You're as like as two peas.
%
Rick: I'm not sharing a bedroom with THAT rubber Johnny! All right Neil, shut up. Before you say anything I just tossed a coin for who gets the bed and you lost. It's completely fair and if you don't believe me, ask Mike.
Neil: [despondently] Oh, uh. Okay Rick. [Audience awws]
Rick: What?
Neil: What?
Rick: What did you just say?
Neil: Huh?
Rick: You just called me a bastard didn't you!
%
Mike: Oh, and Neil? I want that &#8356;1.50 by Friday or else another moose dies.
%
Rick:: What are you doing, Vyvyan?
Vyvyan:: I'm entering a contest to win a Ford Tippex. You have to say what Cornflakes mean to you in 10 words. So I said: Cornflakes. Cornflakes. Cornflakes, Cornflakes. Cornflakes, Cornflakes, Cornflakes, Cornflakes, Cornflakes.
Rick:: Pathetic! You'll never win, Vyvyan.
Vyvyan: Why not?
Rick: It's only nine words.
Vyvyan: [writing] Corn...flakes!
%
Rick:: [to Suggs of Madness, the live band playing at the pub] Do any of you lot know Summer Holiday by Cliff Richard?
Suggs:: You 'um it, I'll smash your face in.
Rick:: [taken aback] I'll go sit over there...
%
Rick: Bloody hell. No room for me on the sofa as usual. I'll have to sit on the rickety chair. (going over to the TV) Oh goody goody gumdrops. Just in time to watch "Oh Crikey" on ITV!
Neil: Oh, Rick! We were watching "Bastard Squad"!
%
Vyvyan's Mum: Well aren't you going to introduce me to your friends?
Vyvyan: Oh yeah. Uh, this is a friend of mine called Mike... uh... this is a friend of mine called Neil...
Neil: Hello.
Vyvyan: And that's a complete bastard I know called Rick.
Rick: [laughing] He's just joshing, Mrs. Vyvyan, we're actually terrific friends.
Vyvyan's Mum: Ooh-ah. He is a bastard, isn't he?
Rick: Tell me, Mrs Vyvyan, why did you give him a girl's name?
(Vyvyan punches Rick in the face, knocking him out of his chair and onto the floor. Vyvyan's Mum steps over to Rick and kicks him.]
%
Vyvyan: Neil, want to see my new trick? [Neil meditates]
Vyvyan: Oh, Mike, do you want to see my new trick?
Mike: No, I'm busy with the paper.
Vyvyan: Rick?
Rick: No I don't Vyvyan, I've got something more important to think about too. [Neil meditates]
Vyvyan: Look! Watch my trick you bastard or I'll kill you!!! Brilliant, hey!.. Oh, dear. Wrong finger... Arrrrrhhhh, ah, ah, ah, arrrgghhhh!
Neil: Hey, Vyvyan. Vyvyan! I think you cut off one of your fingers!
%
Policeman 1: I reckon I could have slept with her, if it wasn't for something I said. But we had a row and, uh... I said something about the Pope.
Policeman 2: That's a bit stupid, you know she's Catholic.
Policeman 1: Yeah, I know she's Catholic, but I didn't know the Pope was.
%
Policeman 2: It's a laugh, though, innit?
Policeman 1: What?
Policeman 2: That noise you make in the back of your throat when you hear a joke.
Policeman 1: Yeah. Yeah, that's a laugh.
Papa Bear: Who's been gobbing in my lentils?
Mama Bear and Baby Bear: Yes! Who's been gobbing in our lentils?
Papa Bear: Sod it. Let's go to McDonald's.
Mama Bear and Baby Bear: Yes!
%
Rick: Hey! Wouldn't it be a-mazing if all this money was real?
Vyvyan: That is the single most predictable... and BORING thing that anybody, could ever say whilst playing Monopoly.
Rick: What about 'Vyvyan'? I can say 'Vyvyan' can't I? Tht's boring.
Vyvyan: You have won second prize in a beauty contest...
[Rick Laughs]
Vyvyan: ...smash Rick over the head with the bank!
[Vyvyan attacks Rick]
Rick: It did not say that! Michael, Vyvyan is cheating!
Vyvyan: Mike?
Mike: No, he's right, Rick: that's exactly what it says.
Rick: In biro, Mike! In biro over the top of the print!
Vyvyan: But we have to change the rules because Monopoly's so boring!
Rick: Congratulations, it is your birthday, you may set fire to Rick's Bed.
Vyvyan: Good one!
Rick: Get out of jail free: you may keep this card, sell it or stick it up Rick's bottom! Vyvyan, you've ruined the game!
Vyvyan: I WAS BORED!
Mike: It gets worse! Neil's gone down to the garden to kill himself... and it's his go.
%
Vyvyan's Mum: So, dear, why don't you come over here and tell me what you've been doing for the past 10 years?
Vyvyan: Well...
Vyvyan's Mum: Not you. Zitface! [Picks Mike up from his seat] Him.
%
Ftumch: At least you have a chance. No one ever says my name. No one ever says 'Ftumch'. Why couldn't I be called 'William'?
Orgo: I don't know...
%
Rick: Pollution, all around. Sometimes up, sometimes down. But always around. Pollution are you coming to my town? Or am I coming to yours? Ha! We're on different buses, pollution, but we're both using petrol... bombs.
%
Rick: Vyvyan! Have you been using my roll-on deodourant? There's a revolting hair on it, and it's not one of mine!
Vyvyan: How do you know?
Rick: Because I know what mine looks like, Vyvyan! I can see them now! [raises arm and points to armpit]
Vyvyan: Not the ones on your bum you can't.
%
Rick: Aha, caught you Vyvyan, using my ketchup on your cornflakes!
Vyvyan: Well I couldn't get any milk out of the fridge.
Rick: Why, what are you, a spazzy?
Vyvyan: No, there just happens to be an atom bomb in front of the door.
%
[A test card is on every television channel]
Rick: Absolutely pathetic! There's nothing on at all! Humph! Don't know why we bother to pay our license!
Mike: We don't.
Rick: But, haven't we got a license?
Mike: No.
Rick: But that makes me a criminal! [thinks about it] Right on! Yeah, this will shake them up at the Anarchists Society! Occupying the refectories! So what? This is the real stuff! I'm a fugitive! A desperado! I'm going to form a new union society, right? With me as president! "People Who Don't Pay Their TV Licenses Against the Nazis!" [takes out pad and pen and starts writing] This is only the beginning!
Vyvyan: What are you going to do, Rick? Burn your bra?
Rick: [look at Vyvyan flatly] Well, someone's got to do it, Vyvyan! It's very easy to sit on your backside, isn't it?
Vyvyan: Not if you haven't got a bottom.
%
Mike: Vyv! Eat the telly!
Vyvyan: I've been waiting for this!
%
Right Bleedin' Bastard sees the television cable hanging out of Vyv's mouth
Mr Bastard: Ah ha! So you do have it, you little runt!
Vyvyan: [waving] Hello.
Mr Bastard: The old trick eh? Eat the telly before i get a chance to nick yer.
Vyvyan: [pointing at the cable] It's a toaster.
%
Rick: Okay! Pop music! Let's go! Anyone here like the Human League? [No-one is paying attention] Okay! [The song plays quietly. Two policemen run in and smash the record player]
Policeman 1: Right, the music's too loud! The neighbours have been complaining.
%
Dr. Jim Morrison: Wow, what is this? Tobacco or... Pink Floyd?
%
Rick: That's just typical. Five minutes before the most important party of my life and the house is destroyed by a giant sandwich.
%
Anarchist: Next week, right, I'm going to blow up a panda in Croydon.
Rick: Yeah, right on! Bloody zoos, who needs 'em.
Anarchist: I mean a police car, you terminal wally!
%
Rick: [trying to host a party] That's my flatmate Vyvyan. Hi, Vyvyan, what are you doing?
Vyvyan: [pauses from doing push-ups] Shut up, you girl!
Rick: [laughs] He's incredible! I'm not a girl at all! Mind you, we're all pretty potty in this house. Last night, right, we were all watching the television and it was a program we wanted to watch, you know, and, uh, we were just watching it and right in the middle of it, I got up and turned it off! Mad! I don't care what I do, you know. Unless it's work or anything like that, you know. Last Wednesday we stayed up 'til one o'clock in the morning!
%
Mr. Balowski: There's no chance of using your toilet, is there?
Mike: No.
Mr. Balowski: I thought not, that's why I pissed in your garden.
%
[The clock's hands have spun rapidly]
Sue: Goodness, is that the time?
Vyvyan: No, the clock's broken. The hands keep whizzing round. It's only really half past seven.
%
Neil: It was getting really hot. Then I thought, oh no, I should have put out that sociology file that was burning on Rick's bed.
Vyvyan: Yeah, I did that. Trying to make Rick think I was hiding in his bedroom.
Neil: What? You set fire to Rick's bedroom? I think that's a very selfish thing to do Vyvyan. I was hiding in there - you could have given me away!
%
Rick: God, I'm bored. Might as well be listening to Genesis.
%
[Neil announces he's doing an inventory of the kitchen]
Rick: Neil, you don't have to do that! All my stuff is covered with sticky labels!
Vyvyan: Wait a minute! Was yours the stuff with the sticky labels with "Rick" written on it?
Rick: Yes.
Vyvyan: [mock sympathy] Oh, sod it! I'm very sorry Rick, I thought it was mine, and I ate them, every single one!
%
[Neil is going over whose food is whose in the fridge]
Vyvyan: My potion! Don't forget my potion!
Neil: What potion?
Vyvyan: It's a potion I've invented that, when a person drinks it, he turns into an axe-wielding homicidal maniac! It's basically a cure, for not being an axe-wielding homicidal maniac! The potential market's enormous!
Neil: [Notes Coke can in fridge] Is this it?
Vyvyan: Yeah! I put it in a Coke can so no one would drink it by accident!
Neil: [with hammy foreshadowing] You know, I just bet, a bit later on, someone does drink that, and becomes an axe-wielding homicidal maniac!
Rick: O yes, I think so too! That's just the sort of crazy unpredictable kind of thing that happens around here, isn't it? [all are ignoring Rick] I said "Isn't It?" [still no reaction from the others, Rick pouts]
%
Mike: Hey, Neil.
Neil: Yes, Mike?
Mike: Come over here.
Neil: You want to know why I keep hitting myself in the head with a frying pan, don't you, Mike?
Mike: No, I don't.
Neil: Oh.
Mike: Where's my breakfast?
Vyvyan: Yeah, where's the bloody vindaloo, hippie? You said you were going to the shops two hours ago!
Neil: Oh, come on, guys! It's always my turn to go to the shops!
Mike: So why haven't you gone?
Neil: Well, it's raining. My hair will lose its shape! Anyway, I haven't got any money!
Rick: There's plenty of money in the kitty!
Neil: Yeah, but he's constipated, isn't he?
Vyvyan: [wielding dagger] Well, let's open him up, then!
Rick: [pointing to floor] There he is, Vyvyan! GET HIM!
%
Mr. Balowski: Heerrree's Jerzei!
Rick: It's Mr. Balowski!
Vyvyan: How did he get in here?
Neil: Well, you could eat him instead, actually.
Mr. Balowski: Little pigs! Little pigs! Let me in! Boys and girls come out to play on the busy motorway! Let me in! Jerzei wants to play 'Hospital'!
Rick: Oh, my God! He's turned into a axe-wielding homicidal maniac!
%
Rick: Honestly, I don't know why I bother sometimes.
Vyvyan: I don't know why you bother ever.
%
Neil: Why didn't you cook your own tea, Vyvyan?
Vyvyan: Because I do not cook the tea, Neil, you do! That's what we agreed when we first came: you do the cooking, I'll look after the plants and the goldfish.
Neil: Yeah, and what did you make me cook on that first day?
Vyvyan: Er, sausages! It was a Tuesday.
Neil: Yeah, sausages and?
Vyvyan: Sausages and plants and goldfish! Look, I've discharged my responsibilities, Neil - now you discharge yours.
%
Neil: I mean, come on guys, you can tell me, truthfully, do I smell?
Mike: Yes.
Neil: Come on guys, I can handle it, you can tell me, do I sme- what do you mean, yes?
Vyvyan: We mean, yes you smell. Smelly.
Neil: [clearly not handling it] Oh, great. Yeah.
%
[Rick is trying to commit suicide]
Rick: I feel sorry for you, you zeros! You nobodies! What's going to live on after you die? I'll tell you: nothing! That's what! [struggling to hang himself] Oh, this is pathetic!
[he gives up trying to hang himself, then sees a jar of pills and attempts to overdose]
Neil: [upon seeing Rick eating the pills] Vyv, Vyv--er, can you, like, actually kill yourself with laxative pills?
Vyvyan: I don't know Neil, but I'm going to stay and find out!
Neil: I think I'm going up to my room for a bit!
[Rick swallows pills in front of Neil as he leaves]
Rick: This house will become a shrine, and punks and skins and rastas will all gather round and hold their hands in sorrow for their fallen leader. And all the grown-ups will say, "But why are the kids crying?" And the kids will say, "Haven't you heard? Rick is dead! The People's Poet is dead!"
[Vyvyan crouches down to watch Rick's rear as he talks]
Rick: And then one particularly sensitive and articulate teenager will say, "Other kids, do you understand nothing? How can Rick be dead when we still have his poems?" And then another kid will say... [he then farts loudly and realises what he's been taking]
Pack of matches: Don't look at me. I'm irrelevant.
%
[after the guys kill a loose sock]
Mike: Right, that's it, we're going to the launderette, now!
Vyvyan: We can't Mike.
Mike: Why not?
Vyvyan: Because they don't open for another eight hours. It's midnight.
Mike: Right, that's it, we're going upstairs to bed very fast, now.
[close-up on the guys' feet as they run up the stairs. Immediately the light comes up, a cock crows, and close-up on their feet as they run down the stairs. The guys alight in the living room. The actors are all in the wrong characters and costumes.]
"Vyvyan": [Rik Mayall dressed as Vyvyan] Ah, morning! Completely brilliant! Let's go to the launderette.
"Rick": [Nigel Planer dressed as Rick] Oh, oh, so it's completely brilliant. And now we've all got to go to the launderette just because Vyvyan says so! It's like we're living in Nazi Germany. Neil, I hate you.
"Neil": [Christopher Ryan dressed as Neil] Oh, wow, don't bring me down and hassle me, Rick. I'm really confused. [to camera] I'm just not feeling myself today.
"Rick": Mike, you could do a really good joke, couldn't you, about feeling yourself!
"Vyvyan": [grabbing "Rick" by the collar] Shut up, or I'll kill you!
"Mike": [Adrian Edmonson dressed as Mike] OK, guys, come on. As the one guy said to the other guy when he was getting fed up, I'm getting fed up. I want to wash my smalls, and I don't mean dip my tiddlies in a glass of water. Let's go!
"Vyvyan": Right. [points to "Rick"'s hat] And take that stupid girly bonnet off!
["Rick" takes off his hat, and Neil's long hair tumbles out]
"Neil": Right, let's go.
[They all jump up into the air and disappear. Cut to a city street outside the launderette. The guys appear, and the actors are now back in the correct characters]
Vyvyan: God! That was quick!
[They enter the launderette. Vyvyan's dust-bin liner full of laundry emits green smoke. A pair of knickers is too slow in following him. Vyvyan points at the knickers.]
Vyvyan: Oi!
[The knickers fly into the launderette after him. Several people flee the launderette, choking and gagging]
%
Rick: I've told you a million times, do not exaggerate!
%
Washing Machine: [spits out the guys' dirty clothes] No way!
Neil: Oh, wow! Techno-fear! It's happening again, all the machines are ganging up on me! Vyvyan!
Vyvyan: Get out of the way, Neil! Me and machinery have a very special understanding. Now then, don't give me any gyp, you bastard. [All the machines close on them] Oh dear! [clears throat] This calls for a very special blend of psychology and extreme violence. [to machine] Oh, la-di-dah! Look what I found in my laundry bag! All of Felicity Kendal's underwear, and it needs a good wash!
Washing Machine: [opens up] Phwoar!
Vyvyan: Now!
[Rick and Mike frantically load the clothes into the machine while Vyvyan and Neil hold it open]
%
[Vyvyan sees a sign whilst on the train]
Vyvyan: "Do not lean out of the window." I wonder why?
[Vyvyan leans out of the window, only to have his head cut off whilst going through a tunnel]
Vyvyan: Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaargh!
[The headless Vyvyan winds up pulling the communication cord, stopping the train]
Rick: Oh, good heavens, what now?!
Mike: Somebody must have pulled the communication cord.
Rick: Well, it wasn't me, matey. If British Rail want 50 pounds, they can just about bloomin' well go out and become a prostitute, which they virtually are anyway, come to think of it... [turns to camera] ...right, commuters?
Neil: Oh no, we'll never get there on time now!
Mike: Relax, Neil, Bambi's a personal friend. I introduced him to Walt Disney.
[On the tracks outside, Vyvyan's headless body is stumbling around, while his head shouts at him]
Vyvyan's head: Over here! Over here! I'm over here, and hurry up about it, will you! [Vyvyan's body stands over his head] You took your time, you bastard!
%
[At the TV studios, the guys walk past a guard]
Mike: [to the guard] Evening, officer. University Challenge, Scumbag College.
Guard: Yeah, hang on, hang on... [checks his clipboard] You were supposed to be here two weeks ago.
Neil: Well, we had to walk the last 200 miles.
Mike: Didn't you get our message? Neil, why didn't you phone our message?
Guard: [checking his clipboard] We did get a message, yes... "Beep beep beep, oh no heavy, the coins keep coming out, beep beep beep, even the telephone hates me, beep beep beep, I wish there were no machines, and everyone led a pastoral existence, trees and flowers don't deliberately cool you out and go beep in your ear."
Neil: Yeah, that's the message, didn't you get it?
Guard: Yeah, that was on the 24th. [Vyvyan attempts to enter the studio with a pig] 'Ere, hang on! What's that?
Vyvyan: It's my mascot!
Guard: A pig?
Vyvyan: No!
Guard: It is.
Vyvyan: It's not, it's a ferret. It's a deformed ferret, I'll grant you that. So severely deformed in fact that it looks a little bit like a pig.
Guard: Looks exactly like a pig.
Vyvyan: Yes, well, it certainly has been remarked upon. In fact, just as John Merrick is known as "The Elephant Man", Bacon Sandwich here is known as the Pig Ferret.
Guard: Bacon Sandwich? Funny name for a ferret, isn't it?
Vyvyan: Aha! And that's where I had you fooled because it's not a ferret, it's a pig.
Mike: Well done, Vyv, you've certainly got him there.
Rick: Have you had enough, Nazi, or do you want some more? [gives guard the 2-finger salute]
Pig: [in thought balloon] That's nothing; someone called me a policeman the other day.
[Bambi enters]
Guard: Good morning, Mr. Gascoigne, sir.
Bambi: Scumbag College? So you finally made it.
Mike: Bambi, Bambi, my main man! So good to see you. You're looking good, albeit you've lost a lot of fur since we last met, and you're walking on two legs now I see, but still the same old Bambi!
[Neil is crying softly]
Rick: Shut up, Neil, shut up! What's the matter?
Neil: I'm sorry, everybody. I'm sorry, Bambi. I'm just remembering, like, that bit when you got lost in the snow, and the little rabbit found you, it was so beautiful...
Vyvyan: Yeah, I liked the bit where you shoved the drill in the virgin otter's face.
Neil: That wasn't in "Bambi", Vyvyan!
Vyvyan: It was in the sequel, Neil. "Bambi Goes Crazy Ape Bonkers with His Drill and Sex".
Neil: [gravely] Is that true, Bambi? Did you do a Disney nasty?
Bambi: So what if I did? I'm not apologising. My life collapsed after "Bambi". I was a lovable fawn, all right, unusable for anything else. I took the Babycham stuff, sure, thanks to Mike here, but... I was finished. When the porn "Bambi" came along, well, I thought, this is where I get something back... If it hadn't been for the chance to present University Challenge and start a new life, I'd be giving executive relief to woodland creatures to this very day.
Rick: Well, are you going to let us win?
Bambi: No, of course not, the posh kids win, they always do. Come on.
[on his way out, Vyvyan leaves the pig with the guard]
%
[The guys are now on University Challenge]
Bambi: Hello, and welcome to another edition of University Challenge. This week, the teams represent Footlights College, Oxbridge...
Audience: Rah! Rah! Rah! We're going to smash the oiks!
Bambi: Yes, that's the spirit. And Scumbag College.
S.P.G.: Oh aye! Up Scumbag! Up Scumbag!
[Audience boo at Scumbag]
S.P.G.: See you, Teddy bear! Come here! [hits Teddy bear]
Bambi: Yes, well representing Footlights, we have Lord Monty...
Lord Monty: Hello.
Bambi: Lord Snot...
[Lord Snot gives a posh-sounding laugh and sips champagne]
Bambi: Ms. Money-Sterling...
[Ms. Money-Sterling also gives a posh-sounding laugh and sips champagne]
Bambi: ...and Mr. Kendal Mintcake.
Kendal Mintcake: Hi!
Bambi: And representing Scumbag, we have Mike...
Mike: Hello.
Bambi: Prick...
[A startled Rick looks to see a 'p' written in front of his name]
Bambi: Vyvyan... and Neil.
Neil: Vegetable rights and peace.
%
[The game begins]
Bambi: So, your starter for ten, no conferring. Born in 1311 of Manchurian stock, he came to...
[Neil buzzes in]
Voice-over: Scumbag, Neil.
Neil: Er, can I go to the toilet, please?
Bambi: No, I'm sorry, you're barking up the wrong tree there. Five-point penalty to Scumbag, full question to Footlights, no conferring. [continuing the question] He came to represent the modal cathodic slip-weight of the...
[Lord Monty buzzes in]
Voice-over: Footlights, Monty.
Lord Monty: Er, now, wasn't it, wasn't it Monk De Wally De Honk?
Bambi: Yes, well you're almost there, can you give me any more?
Lord Monty: Certainly, will £50 do?
Bambi: Absolutely spot on. Well done, Footlights, ten points, and three bonus questions to you. What was the name of...
[Lord Snot buzzes in]
Lord Snot: Battle of Bannockburn!
Bambi: Yes, well that's very well anticipated there. Battle of Bannockburn it is.
[Neil buzzes in, almost falling out of his booth]
Neil: Buzz, buzz, buzz... err, listen, sorry to hassle you or anything, Bambi, but I really do need to go to the toilet really badly, you know.
Bambi: Yes, well the second bonus question for Footlights, leading by fifteen points, but it's early days yet.
Neil: Oh no, guys, I'm just going to have to wee on Lord Snot's head.
[An appalled-looking Bambi looks up at Neil, then at the camera, before continuing]
Bambi: Who said 'Lawks-a-lordy, my bottom's on fire'?
[Kendal Mintcake buzzes in]
Kendal Mintcake: Lenin!
Bambi: Yes, well I can accept that, though the exact answer was Joan of Arc. Well done, Footlights, five points. And what is the chemical equation for...
[Ms. Money-Sterling buzzes in]
Ms. Money-Sterling: I've got a Porsche. Hee hee!
Bambi: [pause] Yes, well that's not exactly what I've got written on the card, but I knew your father, so Footlights lead by 25 points.
Ms. Money-Sterling: Daddy sends hugs. Hee hee!
%
[Scumbag are back in play]
Bambi: So, starter for ten, fingers on the buzzers. Who is the richest person in the world?
[Vyvyan unwittingly buzzes in while tampering with his microphone]
Voice-over: Scumbag, Vyvyan.
Vyvyan: [pause] What?
Rick: [to his team] We're getting thrashed! We're getting completely thrashed! Isn't there some way we can cheat?
Neil [feeling desperate for the toilet]: Guys, guys, look. It's beginning to seep out, guys. Please!
Mike: It's very simple, Neil. Use the jug.
[Mike pours the water out of the jug, and onto Lord Snot]
Bambi: Now, I'll have to hurry you, I'll have to hurry you. Who is the richest person in the world?
[Lord Snot buzzes in]
Voice-over: Footlights, Snot.
Lord Snot: It's me, isn't it?
Bambi: No, I'm afraid not. Your father's multi-national collapsed early this morning.
Lord Snot: Oh, damn!
[The jug that Neil was using to urinate in falls on top of Lord Snot's head]
Bambi: So, with the score... with the score still standing at 25 to nothing, here goes...
[Vyvyan buzzes in]
Vyvyan: I'm completely bloody sick of this!
[he stamps a hole in his booth and knocks out Kendal Mintcake]
Vyvyan: Give us some easy ones, Bambi, you big bottom boil!
Mike: Relax, we can handle this. Vyvyan?
Vyvyan: [whilst getting a German World War II grenade ready] Achtung!
[he throws the grenade into Footlights' booth; Ms. Money-Sterling buzzes in]
Ms. Money-Sterling: It's not an automatic...
[the grenade explodes, blowing Footlights to smithereens]
Mike: Okay, Bambi. Let's hear another.
Bambi: So here goes with the starter for ten: What is the record number of marshmallows stuffed up one nostril?
[Mike buzzes in]
Voice-over: Scumbag, Mike.
Mike: Er, 604, Toxteth O'Grady, USA.
Vyvyan: I told you that, Mike, you bloody cheat!
Bambi: Ten points, Scumbag, and your question. Who produced the world's stickiest bogey?
[Mike buzzes in again]
Mike: Toxteth O'Grady.
Bambi: Correct, five points.
Vyvyan: [to Mike] You bum-bag!
Bambi: The world's stupidest bottom burp?
[Neil buzzes in]
Neil: Rick, Britain!
Bambi: Correct, five points.
Rick: It is not!
Bambi: And finally, for five bonus points to take you into the lead - who's been tampering with my question cards?
[Rick buzzes in]
Rick: It was me! It was me! [the audience boo at Scumbag] Damn! Damn!
[Scumbag are constantly booed at, and pelted with rubbish, until they're crushed by a giant éclair. The scene changes when a doctor picks up the éclair]
Doctor: Oh no, this sticky bun's covered with human beings the size of amoebas. [he feeds the éclair to an elephant] Here, Jumbo. Get that down your esophagus.
Elephant: Very good.
Doctor: Anyway, as I was saying, the most interesting theory...
[End credits roll as he is talking]
%
Mike: Rick! Where'd you find all that firewood?
Rick: Um, eh...Between my legs.
Vyvyan: [takes the wood from Rick] Wish I'd thought of that.
Rick: Well, I wish you'd done it! I might want to have had children one day.
Vyvyan: What a revolting thought!
Mike: This calls for a celebration! Vyv! Throw another record player on the fire!
Vyvyan: oh certainly Michael [Begins throwing bits of Rick's chopped-up record player on the fire]
Rick: You Bastards! That's my record player!
Mike: You said it was your record player!
Vyvyan: No I didn't Mike. I said let's throw Rik's record player on the fire...that will be good for a laugh!
Mike: Oh yeah, yeah it is yours Rick
Rick: Yes it is now give it back
Vyvyan: OK!
Rick: [holding back tears]...my parents gave me that record player for finishing my O Levels!
Vyvyan And by the looks of it you failed them all!
Rick: That's not true. I got a B for French, i got a C for divinity...
Mike: Rick, were all completely broke so we have to make sacrifices. I have generously donated my used tissue collection. Vyvyan has burnt everything Neil owns!
Rick: Yes well never mind all that now, I'm more interested in sorting out this O level business. I got a 4 for Geo...(Neil moves the table and Rick hits his leg) oowww!!!
Vyvyan: Ahh looks like supper's ready! (watches as Neil is trying to hammer the plates to the table) Neil, we're not having broken crockery again, that's my recipe.
Neil: I'm not cooking Vyvyan, i'm just trying to nail the plates to the table.
Vyvyan: Neil is it really necessary to nail the plates to the table. I mean what happens when we wanna play Monopoly? Go directly to plate! do not pass plate nailed to the table by a stupid Hippy.
Neil: No guys, guys you don't understand. I've got something well scary to lay on you okay, so like sit down.
Rick: What do you mean sit down? There's only one chair, do you expect us all to put our bottoms on that and catch horrible diseases off each other?
Neil: That's not important Rick
Rick: Well I think it is rather important actually, I happen to be rather attached to my bottom
Vyvyan: Well I've got a couple of seats in my car
Rick: All right we'll have to use them then
Vyvyan: No they're attached. I mean, you sit in them while your driving. I suppose I could drive the whole car in?
Rick: No no no better idea, we'll go out there!
Vyvyan: Ah ha (Vyvyan and Rick start to walk outside)
Neil: No wait guys guys, what about my scary story?
Vyvyan: Oh that's true we won't be able to hear Neil from out there!
Rick: Oh well you'll just have to make us a tape Neil
Vyvyan: No that's no good, my cassette's bust!
Rick: Oh then you'll just have to come out there with us
Vyvyan: No good either i've only got two seats
Neil: I could go in the boot?
Vyvyan: No, no Neil cause if you so much as touch my car I'm gonna kill you! Remember?
Neil: Oh right yeah
Mike: Neil? (Whispers in Neils ear) Squat down?
Neil: Oh yeah right great idea Mike. Er guys i've got something well scary to lay on you OK, so like squat down.
Rick: Brilliant, squatting, right on, youth control, no rent.
Neil: well... (Rick interrupts him)
Rick: Neil, is it my imagination or has this table shrunk?
Neil: That's what I've been trying to tell you for the last ten minutes right. Strange things keep happening, furniture keeps disappearing, plates keep moving about the place and last night, I found, my guitar, on the fire. Do you know what this means??
Vyvyan & Rick: Yes it means.. (Neil stops them)
Neil: Yeah, it means we've got a polterghoost!!
MIke: Don't be stupid Neil, there's no such thing
Rick: Yeah don't be such a spasbo Neil, theres a perfectly good explanation for any phenonemon you might encounter.
Neil: Oh yeah well how do you explain the table shrinking then?
Vyvyan: Erm well, i did that actually, like this (pulls out a chain saw and cuts off all the legs of the chair Mike is sitting on)
Vyvyan: See! Corr, Mike's floating!! Hows that done then?
Rick: Arrggghhh!! Get a Priest, get a Vicar, i believe in God!
Mike: Never mind a Priest, call an ambulance!
Vyvyan: Why Mike?
Mike: I've just nailed my legs to the table!!
%
Neil: I'm writing to my bank manager, see what you think, OK? "Dear bank manager..."
Mike: Yeah?
Neil: Well, that's it. I'm quite pleased with it so far.
Mike: Oh, well, it's a strong opening, certainly.
Vyvyan: I don't like the "dear". Sounds a bit too much like "will you go to bed with me?"
Neil: Nicely spotted, Vyvyan. What do you think instead?
Vyvyan: What about "darling"?
Neil: "Darling bank manager..."
Rick: Oh, no, no, no, no! Not "bank manager". It's far too crawly bum-lick. Tell it like it is, put "fascist bully boy".
Neil: "Darling fascist bully boy..."
Mike: That's nice, yeah, so far so good, so what do you want to say?
Neil: Well, basically I want to ask him if I can have, like, an extension on my overdraft, but I know there must be a better way of putting it than that.
Mike: Well, what about, "give me some more money"?
Vyvyan: "You bastard"
Neil: Don't you think that's a bit strong?
Mike: No, Neil, people like that respect strength.
Neil: Yeah, you're right. "Darling fascist bully boy, give me some more money, you bastard..." Uh... "Love, Neil."
Vyvyan: Not "love, Neil"! That sounds far too much like "come and get it like a bitch-funky sex machine".
Neil: Yeah, you're right. Uh... What about "yours sincerely"?
Rick: Oh, come off it, Neil! If you're going to be that sycophantic, why don't you go there now and stick your tongue straight down the back of his trousers?
Neil: Oh, look, I know, I know, why not put "Boomshanka"?
Mike: Ahh... that's hard to tell, Neil. What does it mean?
Neil: It means "May the seed of your loins be fruitful in the belly of your woman".
Rick: Ah-ha! And WHAT makes you think your bank manager's a man?
Neil: His beard.
Mike: He'll never understand "Boomshanka". You'll have to write the whole thing out.
Neil: Right, okay, here we go. "Darling fascist bully boy, give me some more money, you bastard. May the seed of your loins be fruitful in the belly of your woman, Neil."
Rick: Well, if that doesn't work, I don't know what will.
Mike: The only problem is we're running out of fuel. [scrunches the letter up and hands it to Vyvyan] Vyv, chuck it on the fire. [Vyvyan does so and all four scramble toward the fire, trying to get warm]
%
Rick: [Screaming hysterically] I AM NOT! GETTING! AGGRESSIVE!
Neil: [Calmly, staring at Rick] You are, Rick. I can sense it.
%
[Repeated line of dialogue]
Various characters] Oh, have you got a video?
Vyvyan: [Increasingly exasperated] Yes! We've got a video!
%
Woman: Do you dig graves?
Neil: Yeah, yeah, they're all right, yeah.
%
Rick: Neil, the bathroom's free! (looking at the camera) Unlike the country under the Thatcherite Junta.
%
Vicar: What-ho, I'm the vicar.
Vyvyan: Well you'd better be, or else you'd look right girlie in that dress.
Vicar: [pokes Vyvyan in the eye] Right. Anyone tell the stiffie joke?
Vyvyan: Yes. Rick has.
Vicar: Yeah, well, forget about that then. Right. C'mon, let's get on with it, then. Let's get it over with. Oh, bloody hell. [As everyone takes their places around the open grave, the Vicar pulls out a small metal flask and starts slurping]
Rick: Crikey, it's a bit early for that, isn't it?
Vicar: My God, you're right! [drops the flask, spilling the contents, then pulls out a large whiskey bottle] Better get some of this down me before I have any of that, for starters. [takes a big gulp] Right, now, um, oh, yes! Ashes to ashes....
Rick: [singing] Funk to funky, we know Major Tom's a junkie...
Vicar: [grabs Rick by the collar] Shaddup! [headbutts Rick, causing him to fall into the grave]
Rick: Help! I've just fallen into a grave!
Vyvyan: Brilliant! Let's fill it in! [grabs the shovel from Neil]
Neil: No! No! You can't bury Rick alive!
Vyvyan: That's absolutely correct, Neil. We'll have to kill him first!
%
Mike: Thank heaven for Habitat's sofa-coffins!
%
Vyvyan: When my hamster finds out you nicked his carrots he's gonna kill you, Neil.
Neil: Oh was it SPG's? I didn't know he ate carrots.
Vyvyan: He doesn't eat carrots, Neil, he sticks 'em down his underpants to impress the girls.
%
Vyvyan: Vyvyan, Vyvyan, Vyvyan! Honestly! Whenever anything explodes in this house it's always blame Vyvyan!
Rick: Well, who do you suggest we blame?
Vyvyan: Blame whoever rung the front doorbell! Because they OBVIOUSLY set off the bomb I wired up!
%
Rick: Ah! It's a vampire!
Mike: In a parcel!
Vyvyan: In the kitchen!
Neil: [To Audience] Hate mail! [To guys] What are we gonna do?
Rick: Only Pop Music can save us now!
[The Damned appear and start performing]
%
Vampire: No, this is some kind of misunderstanding! I'm not a vampire! I'm a driving instructor! From Johannesburg!
Vyvyan: A driving instructer from Johannesburg? Prove it!
Vampire: How?
Vyvyan: Okay, what should you never do in a box junction?
Vampire: In a box junction you should never enter it unless your exit is clear!
Vyvyan: Ah, true. Okay, what's the procedure for the approach of a humpback bridge?
Vampire: Approaching a humpback bridge, you should slow down and check in both rear-view mirrors. If no-one is behind you you should RIP OUT A VIRGIN'S THROAT AND-
Vyvyan: Ah-ha! Ah-ha! Gotcha, gotcha, gotcha! Driving instructor my bottom! You're a vampire and there's no denying it!
Vampire: Oh Outspan!
%
Sayle: People think television must be great. They tell me all the time 'Television must be great!', but it's not. It's dead boring you know! And that lot, they're drawl as well, and they all talk about me behind me back!
(The guys are sitting in a dressing room, half out of costume)
Edmonson (Vyvyan): I hate him.
Planer (Neil): (Posh voice) He drinks like a fish.
Mayall (Rick): Well, he's got no talent!
Ryan (Mike): Alexei who?
%
Vyvyan: I don't see what all the fuss is about. Vampires only attack virgins!
[Awkward pause]
Mike: Yeah, uh, it's not myself I'm worried about, Vyv. It's Rick and Neil I'm worried about.
Rick: Me, a virgin? Ha! [Increasingly scared] Just try telling that to some of the foxy chicks who owe me favours!
Neil: Well if Rick's not a virgin them I'm not either!
Vyvyan: Well, we'll find out shortly, 'cause the vampire's gonna know, and if anyone gets attacked, then we'll know they're a sissy virgin! [Beat] God, I hope snogging with SPG counts!
[Later]
Neil: He's gonna get us and turn us into vampires! And we'll all be dead and yet still alive! Like Leonard Cohen!
Mike: There's only one way out of this. We've all got to lose our virginity. Now!
Vyvyan: But how, Mike? [Beat] Oh no! Bags not Rick!
Rick: Bags not Vyv!
Neil: [Confused] Bags not...Neil?
%
Vampire: [Having being lit up by sunlight] Oh, dear! I've forgotten the time difference between here and Johannasburg! Arrrgh! Arrrgh!
%
Helen: I hope you don't mind me spending the night, but I was desperate for somewhere to stay. And when I saw you had all gone away for the weekend, I climbed in the kitchen window, found an empty bed, and went to sleep.
Rick: No, no, no, darling. No. It wasn't an empty bed, was it? Cause I was in there!
Helen: Were you? You weren't when I woke up.
Neil: Rick, you bloody liar! You said you'd done it to her- [To Helen] he said he'd done it with you.
Rick: Look, there's obviously been some ghastly misunderstanding-!
Vyvyan: Ah ha ha ha ha! Rick is STILL A VIRGIN!
Rick: I'm not! I'm not a-
Vyvyan: Virgin, virgin, virgin!
%
Rick: Vyvyan! Where'd you get that Howitzer?!
Vyvyan: Found it.
Rick: Well you can put it back this instant, young man!
Vyvyan: I will, I will. Just as soon as I've blown you to pieces!
%
Sayle [as John Cleese doing a Silly Walk]: 'Scuse me, is this a cheese shop?
Mayall [as Michael Palin]: No, sir.
Sayle: [to camera] Well, that's that sketch knackered then, innit?!
%
Vyvyan: What's a good thing for a hangover?
Mike: Drinking heavily the night before.
%
Rick: Alright, if I'm a virgin, how come I know what a girl's bottom looks like?
(Pause)
Vyvyan: From looking in the mirror.
Rick: Damn!
%
Mike: Who are you?
Knight: I'm a Knight, of the Square Table.
Mike: 'Square' Table?
Knight: Well, King Arthur doesn't think I'm cool and hip enough to be at the Round Table, on account of some of my suits of armour still have flares.
Mike: You can't get much squarer than that.
Neil: No shut up, Mike! [To Knight] There's nothing wrong with flares.
Knight: Mm, and I'm not really into war at all. Look, flowers on the end of my lance!
Neil: Wow!
Knight: And if I ever have to fight a dragon, I try and see it from the dragon's point of view.
Neil: [To audience] Aww, it's beautiful! A Hippie Knight!
Knight: [Knocks out Neil with a Morningstar] Sorry man, but it's my job.
%
Mike: Neil, did you upset the neighbours?
Neil: No. I blew them up.
%
Neil: I'll die if I miss Scooby-Doo!
%
Neil: You mean, you, like, scored with a chick?
Rick: Well, of course, I wouldn't put it in such sexist terms, Neil, but yes.
Mike: Now, wait a minute, Rick. I'm the one who gets the girls around here. There could be a copyright problem.
Vyvyan: I don't understand. How? Was she unconscious?
Rick: What, Vyvyan? Do I detect a little spark of jealousy?
Vyvyan: Ha! I'm not jealous. I find the idea of spending a night with you completely revolting!
Rick: You know perfectly well what I mean. Just because I was the most wanted and attractive guy at the party last night...
Neil: What do you mean, Rick? You passed out after half a glass of cider.
Rick: Did I? Blimey, that's a bit anarchic! Anyway, it just goes to show you, Neil. Even when I'm unconscious, I can pick up the birds. Erm, I mean, forge meaningful relationships with birds... chicks... tarts... women. Women!
%
Rick: It was incredible. We did everything.
Mike: [Recording with a tape recorder] Like what?
Rick: Umm, everything. At one point, she even took her bra off! So I took off my dungarees...
%
Vyvyan: Now, where were we?... Ah, yes. Virgin.
Rick: Yes. Argh!
Vyvyan: (chases Rick up the stairs) Virgin! Virgin!
%
Rick: Amazulu.
SPG: Really? I'm a Glaswegian.
%
[Vyvyan is trying to blow up Rick with his howitzer for not admitting to be a virgin.]
Rick: No, Vyvyan! Please, you were right and I was wrong. I am a virgin.
Vyvyan: Not for long, matey! [fires at Rick again]
%
Neil: Vyv, will you shut up, you're giving me tunnel vision!
Rick: STOP SHOUTING NEIL!!
Neil: Stop shouting yourself!
Rick: I AM NOT SHOUTING!!
Neil: Yes, you are!
Rick: I BLOODY WELL AM NOT!!! IF YOU WANT TO HEAR SHOUTING MATEY THIS IS IT!!!
[Rick starts yelling like a baby, whilst Vyvyan lights a Molotov cocktail]
Vyvyan: It's funny, but being ill makes me lose my usual tolerant and easygoing approach to communal living.
[Vyvyan throws the Molotov cocktail into Rick's bedroom, which explodes]
Rick: Oh, well, how ruddy considerate, Vyvyan. Thank you very much!
Neil: Yeah, thanks, Vyv. That petrol bomb's really cleared my sinuses.
Vyvyan: Why aren't you dead?!
Rick: I'm not prepared to discuss it with you, Vyvyan. You will be hearing from my solicitors in the morning. I'm going to write to my MP.
%
[takes out paper and pencil]
Neil: You haven't got an MP, Rick. You're an anarchist.
Rick: Oh. Well, then I shall write to the lead singer of Echo and the Bunnymen! (...)
%
[writing] Dear Mr. Echo....
Vyvyan: Why'd I do that?
Rick: Ah, Vyvyan, beginning to regret it now, are you?
Vyvyan: Of course I'm beginning to regret it. That was nearly a full bottle of vodka! That's £7.99 you owe me, ploppy pants.
Rick: Oh, stop being so blinking bourgeoisie! All property is theft, Vyvyan.
Vyvyan: All right, then. Where's your girlie purse? (...)
%
[takes Rick's coin purse, removes some money] Ha ha! Found it!
Rick: You put that back! That's my personal property!
Neil: You just said all property is theft, Rick.
Rick: Well, yes, it is.
Vyvyan: Yeah, so I'm nicking it.
Rick: Stop! Thief! Thief!
%
Vyvyan's Mum: Hello, Vyvyan!
Vyvyan: Piss off!
Vyvyan's Mum: That's no way to talk to your mother, Vyvyan!
Vyvyan: Alright then... piss off, Mum!
Vyvyan's Mum: That's better.
Vyvyan: What d'you want?
Vyvyan's Mum: Well, what're Mums for?
Vyvyan: I dunno, having babies?
Vyvyan's Mum: Don't be so sexist, Vyvyan! (twists the crotch of his jeans.)
Vyvyan: (gasps in pain) I'm sorry, Mum.
Vyvyan's Mum: No, I heard you was ill so I bought you a present.
Vyvyan: The last present you gave me was a box of matches.
Vyvyan's Mum: That was a joke.
Vyvyan: I was only eight weeks old... well, what've you bought me this time?
Vyvyan's Mum: A bottle of vodka.
Vyvyan: (smiles) Oh, brilliant! Thanks, Mum! (tips the bottle and nothing comes out.) This is empty.
Vyvyan's Mum: Ha! Ha! Up yours, ugly!
%
Neil's Father: Now why couldn't you be in one of those nice situation comedies that your mother likes. Like, uh, what's the thing called...?
Vyvyan: Grange Hill!
Neil's Father: Yes! That's the one.
[Scene changes to School Corridor. Two school boys run in.]
Ben Elton: So that's settled. We'll organise a protest against school uniforms!
Spaz: Great! We can use the banners left over from the last protest we organised, so that racism wouldn't be an issue in this school.
Ben Elton: Good idea. I'll get Mucka, Ducka, Trucka and Sucka, and you get Spaz.
Spaz: But I am Spaz!
Ben Elton: Oh. I better get him as well then. Come on!
[They run into a teacher.]
Spaz: Oh! Sorry, Mr. Liberal. We were just on our way to...
Mr. Liberal: Now hang on you pair of scruffy tear-aways. Don't you realise that the way you act is influencing millions of children to talk Cockney and be insubordinate?
Ben Elton: Oh, come on, sir. We're the only kids in Britain who never say f-
Neil's Mother: You must be joking! I don't watch that ghastly programme!
Neil's Father: I'm sorry, my dear. It was my mistake. I meant The Good Life.
Neil's Mother: Oh, yes. That's the one.
%
Vyvyan: [Ripping up the introduction to The Good Life] NO, NO, NO, NO! WE ARE NOT WATCHING THE BLOODY GOOD LIFE! BLOODY, BLOODY, BLOODY! I HATE IT! IT'S SO BLOODY NICE! FELICITY "TREACLE" KENDAL, AND RICHARD "SUGAR FLAVOURED SNOT" BRIERS! WHAT DO THEY DO KNOW? CHOCOLATE BLOODY BUTTON ADS, THAT'S WHAT! THEY'RE NOTHING BUT A COUPLE OF REACTIONARY STEREOTYPES, CONFIRMING THE MYTH THAT EVERYONE IN BRITAIN IS A LOVABLE MIDDLE CLASS ECCENTRIC, AND I! HATE! THEM!
Mike: That was a highly articulate outburst, Vyvyan. I only hope they're not watching.
Rick: Well you can shut up now, Vyvyan. You can just about blummin' well shut up! Because if you've got anything horrid to say about Felicity Kendal, then you can just about blummin' well say it to me first!
Vyvyan: Rick, I just did!
Rick: Oh you did, did you? Well I ought to give a ruddy great punch on the bottom for what you just said! You're talking about the woman I love!
Neil: And me, I love her too!
Neil's Father: Well I agree with the spotty twerps on that one. Felicity Kendal is sweetly pretty, just what a real girly should be. I mean, speaking as a Feminist myself I can safely say this; that Felicity Kendal is a wonderful woman, and I want to protect her.
Vyvyan: Well it's the first time I've ever heard it called that!
%
Mike: Ah, well. Boing! (jumps in the air and motions Rick and Vyvyan to do the same. The two exchange looks before following suit.)
Rick & Vyvyan: (Jumping) Boing!
%
Vyvyan: Do you think ants go to discos?
Mike: Vyvyan, it has been proved that ants are highly intelligent with a well ordered society—the last thing they'd go to would be discos.
Vyvyan: Well, why's one of them wearing a silver boob tube then?
Mike: There's a very good reason for that.
Vyvyan: What?
Mike: You're talking crap.
%
Neil: [on his final exam] It was terrible. I sat in the big hall and put my packet of polos on the desk, and my spare pencil and my support gonk and my chewing gum and my extra pen, and my extra polos and my lucky gonk, and my pencil sharpener shaped like a cream cracker and three more gonks with a packet of polos in each, and lead for my retractable pencil and my retractable pencil, and my spare lead for my retractable pencil, and chewing gum and pencils and pens and more gonks and the guy said "Stop writing please."!
%
Rick: Oh yes, Mike, your tutor asked me to tell you that if you don't start turning up to class next September, then he and the Dean are going to have to seriously reconsider your grant.
Mike: Well, you can tell my tutor that I've still got the photos of him and the Dean.
%
Mike: [Having just knocked out Neil with a cricket bat] What's a hippie worth then, a six?
Vyvyan: Six? It would have been worth six if you'd killed him, Mike. Let's call it two.
Mike: Fair enough.
%
Mike: Neil, it's not often you interest me, but today you have. Why do you keep running in here carrying a cake and yelling "Surprise!"?
Neil: Well, because it's my birthday, Mike.
Mike: Now, you knew that anyway, and we don't care, so where's the surprise?
%
Vyvyan: Rick, Shut Up, or I'll tell everybody here that you have an iron-on cartoon worm on the back of your Y-fronts that says "Girl Bait".
Rick: Oh! Been going through my Y-fronts, have you, Vyvyan? I suppose you fancy me, is that it?
Vyvyan [panics]: Yes! As a matter of fact, I do, Rick! I really, really fancy you! And I wanna give you a big girly kiss on the bottom!
Rick [Creeped Out]: [stammers] You hear that, Mike? Vyvyan's gone all funny! Eurgh! He says he wants to kiss my bottom!
Vyvyan: Oh! Did I say "kiss you on the bottom?" Oh, beg my pardon, I meant to say "stick a pickaxe through your spinal column"!
%
Rick: I can't believe it. My parents... are dead.
Neil: You think that's bad...
Rick: Well yes I do actually! What's it to you piss-face?!
%
Neil: Oh wow. I never knew I wore a wig. Eugggh.
%
God: Hello, I'm God. Well, you didn't expect me to be a woman, now, did you?
%
[As the boys are about to rob a bank with pistols]
Mike: Now whatever you do, don't go losing your heads and using them!
Vyvyan: Why not, Mike?!
Rick: Yeah, why not? Those bank clerks didn't have to become bank clerks! They knew the risks when they took the job. Now let's just get in there and let 'em have it!
Mike: Rick, we can't do that, because if we do, there's a very good chance they'll discover that these are water pistols.
%
Jersei Baloski: [Having smashed the window] Oh, look! Some sod broke your window. That's £18 you owe me.
%
[After the bus they were riding in has crashed to the bottom of a ravine]
The Guys: Phew! That was close!
[The bus explodes]
%