Rick: [shoots portal] There she is. Alright, c'mon Morty, let's go.
Morty: Oh jeez.. okay. [...] Oh man, Rick! What is this place?
Rick: It's Dimension 35C, and it's got the perfect climate conditions for a 
special type of- TREE, Morty! Called the Megatree! And there's fruit in those 
trees, and there's seeds in those fruits. I'm talking about Megaseeds, th-ther- 
they're incredib-bl-ly powerful and I need 'em to help them with my research, 
Morty.
Morty: Oh man, Rick! I'm looking around this place and I'm starting to work up 
some anxiety about this whole thing!
Rick: Alright, alright, calm down. Listen to me, Morty. I know that new 
situations can be intimidating. You lookin' around and it's all scary and 
different, but y'know... m-meeting them head-on, charging into 'em like bull 
— that's how we grow as people. I'm no stranger to scary situations, I deal 
with them all the time. Now if you just stick with me, Morty, [a horrific alien 
monstrosity approaches behind] we're gonna be— HOLY CRAP, MORTY, RUN!! RUN 
FOR YOUR LIFE, MORTY, RUN!! I KNOW, I'VE NEVER SEEN THAT THING BEFORE IN MY 
LIFE, MORTY, I DUNNO WHAT THE HELL IT IS!! WELL, WE GOTTA GET HERE, MORTY, IT 
GONNA KILL US!!! WE'RE GONNA DIE!!! WE'RE GONNA DIE, MORTY!!!
%
Beth: I am not putting my father in a home! He just came back into my life, and 
you want to... grab him and.. stuff him under a mattress like last month's 
Victoria's Secret!?
Jerry: I told you, I was ordering you something for Valentine's Day. More 
importantly, your father is a horrible influence on our son! [a hunk vet stops 
by]
Davin: Anything cool in here, Beth?
Beth: It's fine, Davin.
Davin: Okay, cool. Y'know, we did something great today. There's nothing more 
noble and free than the heart of a horse.
[beat, Jerry closes door]
Jerry: Since we're fighting, if you ever have an affair with that guy, I will 
come to the hotel room and blow my brains out all over your naked bodies.
%
Rick: Boy, you're really gonna flip your lid over this one.
Morty: Oh, w-wh.. what is it?
Rick: It's a device, Morty, that when you put it in your ear, you can enter 
people's dreams, Morty. Just like that movie you keep crowing about!
Morty: You're talking about Inception?
Rick: That's right, Morty! This is gonna be a lot like taht, expect y'know, 
it's gonna me-beh.. makes sense.
Morty: Inception made sense!
%
Mr. Jellybean: [attempting to rape Morty in the toilet] Stop being such a 
fucking tease, you sweet little cunt!
%
[Jerry struggling with his two strokes with his Mr. Meeseeks]
Mr. Meeseeks: That's okay! I'm Mr. Meeseeks! Look at me! Try again and keep 
your head down!
Jerry: Okay- well, which is it!? Square my shoulder or keep my head down!?
Mr. Meeseeks: Well, it's both, but most importantly, you gotta relax!
Jerry: Y'know what? Mr. Meeseeks, I don't think this is working. I give up.
Mr. Meeseeks: I'm sorry, Jerry, but it doesn't work like that! I'm Mr. 
Meeseeks! I have to fulfil my purpose so I could go away! Look at me!
Jerry: Well, make yourself comfortable because I suck.
Mr. Meeseeks: No, Jerry — I'm the one who SUCKS!!!!
%
[entering at Thirsty Step tavern]
Morty: Oh wow, Rick! This is more like it! Look! There's little 
staircase-shaped people in here! A-a-all kinds of crazy characters! This place 
is great. Y'know, it's whimsical and fun.
Rick: [at green deranged staircase] What're you lookin' at, motherfucker!?
Morty: Easy, Rick!
%
Jerry: Look, I got a marriage to keep together. At this point, my golf swing is 
more your problem than mine. [leaves]
[...]
Meeseeks 1: I CAN'T TAKE IT ANYMORE!!! I JUST WANNA DIE!!!
Meeseeks 2: WE ALL WANNA DIE!! WE'RE MEESEEKS!!!
Meeseeks 3: WHY DID YOU EVEN WROTE ME INTO THIS!?!
Meeseeks 2: 'CAUSE HE WROTE ME INTO THIS!!
Meeseeks 4: WELL, HIM OVER THERE, HE WROTE ME INTO THIS!!
Meeseeks 5: WELL, HE WROTE ME INTO THIS!!
Meeseeks 6: WH-WHAT ABOUT ME!?! H-HE WROTE ME INTO THIS!!
Meeseeks 7: WELL, THAT ONE OVER THERE, HE WROTE ME INTO THIS!!
Meeseeks 8: WELL, HE WROTE ME INTO THIS!!
%
Jerry: Nobody's killing me until after I catch my wife with another man.
%
Rick: Alright, Morty, I just gotta erhp -combine it with some of your DNA.
Morty: Oh well, okay. [unzips]
Rick: A hair, Morty. I need one of your hairs. This isn't Game of Thrones. 
[pluck]
Morty: Ow!!
%
[meanwhile, in another ruined reality]
Cronenberg Rick: Here we are, Cronenberg Morty! A reality where everyone in the 
world got genetically Cronenberged. We'll fit right in, Cronenberg Morty. It'll 
be like we never even left Cronenberg World.
Cronenberg Morty: Yeah, Cronenberg Rick, but y'know, I'm gonna miss Cronenberg 
World, because everyone was Cronenberged all along like us from the beginning, 
y'know... I mean, I-I wish we hadn't genetically ruined Cronenberg World beyond 
repair like we did, y'know, and turned everyone into regular normal.. people 
just walking around?
Cronenberg Rick: Don't you worry about that sort of thing, Cronenberg Morty. 
Let's go make ourselves at home, huh?
%
Gazorpazorpfield: Hey, John. It's me, Gazorpazorpfield. Boy, fuck you, Johnny, 
you fucking dumb, stupid idiot.
John: Come on, Gazorpazorpfield, go easy on me, huh?
Gazorpazorpfield: You dumb, stupid, weak, pathetic, white, white.. uh-uhh... 
guilt.. white-guilt, milk-toast.. piece of human garbage.
John: Geez, Gazorpazorpfield, yo-you're pretty mean to me, but that takes the 
cake.
Gazorpazorpfield: I don't give a fuck. I'm Gazorpazorp-fucking-field, bitch. 
Now gimme my fucking enchiladas.
%
[Rick has been building a small robot at the breakfast table]
Butter Robot: What is my purpose?
Rick: Pass the butter. [The robot does] Thank you.
[...]
Butter Robot: What is my purpose?
Rick: You pass butter.
Butter Robot: [looks at his hands; his shoulders sag] Oh my god.
Rick: Yeah, welcome to the club, pal.
%
Jerry: Morty, I'm not as smart as your Grandpa Rick, but I promise never to 
make that your problem again.
Morty: Hey, Dad? Nobody's smarter than Rick, but nobody else is my dad. You're 
a genius at that.
Jerry: Wow, that's humbling and flattering, son. Thank you. What's say we 
finish ourselves an 8-planet solar system?
Morty: Um, [holds up the butter robot in a sandwich baggie] I'm just gonna take 
this thing in and get an A.
Butter Robot: Butter.
Jerry: But—
Morty: You're a genius at being my dad, Dad. Quit while you're ahead. [Jerry 
begins to shut the door] And also knock next time, you know? I mean, I'm 
sitting in here, I'm fourteen, I got a computer in here, you know?
Jerry: Oh. I, uh, I think I understand.
Morty: You know, you're really playing with fire when you burst in here like 
that, man.
Jerry: I get it. Say no more.
Morty: I mean one of these days, you know, you're gonna—you're gonna—you're 
gonna end up seeing something.
Jerry: I got it! Noted! Good night!
%
Rick: Not my cup of tea, this place. I see the point of being a Rick is being a 
Rick.
Rick Solider: Save your anti-Rick speech for the Council of Ricks, terror-Rick.
Rick: They save your Rick rules for the ueh- sheep-Ricks, Rick-pig.
Rick Solider: Fuck me, pal.
Rick: Fuck you? No, no, no, no, fuck me!
%
Rick: My new catchphrase is 'I DON'T GIVE A FUCK!'
Rick: Let's see. Giant star in the sky, oxygen rich atmosphere, giant testicle 
monsters. Yeah we're good let's keep this party going!
Rick: That's season one, motherfuckers. Roll credits!!
Bird Person: It has been a challenging mating season for Bird Person.
Rick: It's like the N word and the C word had a baby and that baby was raised 
by every bad word for Jews.
%