English teacher: I would like to feed your fingertips.
Foreigner: I vould like to feed your fingerteeps.
English teacher: To the wolverines.
Foreigner: To the volver-eenes.
%
George Carlin: Thank you! Talk about a live show! It's nice to see you, 
welcome, and thanks for joining us- live! Um... I'm kinda glad that we're on at 
night, so that we're not competing with all the football and baseball. So many, 
man... and this is the time of year when there's both, you know? Football's 
kinda nice, they changed it a little bit- they moved the hash marks in. Guys 
found it and smoked them, anyway! But you know, football wants to be the 
number-one sport, the national pastime. And I think it already is, really, 
because football represents something we are- we are Europe Junior. When you 
get right down to it, we're Europe Junior. We play a Europe game. What was the 
Europe game? (high voice) "Let's take their land away from them! You'll be the 
pink, on up; we'll be blue, the red and the green!" Ground acquisition. And 
that's what football is, football's a ground acquisition game. You knock the 
crap out of eleven guys and take their land away from them. Of course, we only 
do it ten yards at a time. That's the way we did it with the Indians- we won it 
little by little. First down in Ohio, Midwest to go!
%
George Carlin: The term Jumbo Shrimp has always amazed me. What is a Jumbo 
Shrimp? I mean, it's like Military Intelligence- the words don't go together, 
man.
%
George Carlin: Did you ever dial the phone and forget who you're calling? Don't 
you feel dumb? You don't know whether to hang on and hope you remember the 
voice or not.. Then when you remember who it was, you have to call back, so you 
change your voice so they don't think you're a moron.
%
Chevy Chase: Our top story tonight: dedication ceremonies for the new Teamsters 
Union Headquarters building took place today in Detroit, where Union President 
Fitzsimmons was reported to have said that former President Jimmy Hoffa will 
always be a cornerstone in the organization.
%
Chevy Chase: (President) Ford was on the campaign trail, announcing in Detroit 
that he had written his own campaign slogan. The slogan: "If He's So Dumb, How 
Come He's President?"
%
Chevy Chase: Good evening, I’m Chevy Chase, here to keep you up on what’s 
going down! President Ford’s regular weekly accident took place this week in 
Hartford, Connecticut, where Ford’s Lincoln was hit by a Buick. Alert Secret 
Service Agents seized the Buick and wrestled it to the ground. The president 
was unhurt except for putting his thumb in his eye. Alert Secret Service Agents 
seized the thumb and wrestled it to the ground.
%
Paul Simon: [to Marv Albert before his match with Connie Hawkins] I've gotta 
stay with my strengths, basically... singing and songwriting.
%
President Ford: My fellow Americans... ladies and gentlemen.. members of the 
press... and my immediate family. First, may I thank you all for being here. 
And I am in my immediate family. First, may I thank you all for being here. And 
I am in my immediate family. Thank you all for being here, and I am truly 
honored to be asked by you to open the "Saturday Night" show with Harvey Cosell.
%
Chevy Chase: Good evening, I'm Chevy Chase and you're not.
%
(Door knock)
Gilda: Who is it?
Voice: Mrs. Bragalaaaa....?
Gilda: Who is it??
Voice: ...Plumber.
Gilda: Plumber? I didn't ask for a plumber. Who is it?
Voice: ...Telegram.
Gilda: Oh. Telegram. Just a moment...
%
(Gilda opens the door. A shark swoops in and bites her.)
Chevy Chase: And now, as a public service to those of our viewers who have 
difficulty with their hearing, I will repeat the top story of the day, aided by 
the Headmaster of the New York School for the Hard of Hearing, Garrett Morris. 
Our top story tonight...
Garrett Morris: OUR TOP STORY TONIGHT!!!
Chevy Chase: President Ford flew to Paris for a summit conference, and boy, are 
his arms tired!
Garrett Morris: PRESIDENT FORD FLEW TO PARIS FOR A SUMMIT CONFERENCE, AND BOY, 
ARE HIS ARMS TIRED!!!
Chevy Chase: Good night, and have a pleasant tomorrow.
Garrett Morris: GOOD NIGHT, AND HAVE A PLEASANT TO-MOR-ROW!
%
Chevy Chase: Secretary of State Henry Kissinger has been cited for contempt of 
Congress! Kissinger commented, “So what? Congress has at least as much 
contempt for me as I do for him. Besides, Nixon lied, didn’t he? And he gets 
to sunbathe while I get terminal jet lag.”
%
Chevy Chase: A new book has been published and released, and it’s entitled, 
“Friends of Richard Nixon.” A short work, it is only one page longer than 
the work, “Famous Antarctic Television Personalities of the Eighteenth 
Century.” Of his former boss, President Ford said, “Well, I spent most of 
the week reading it, finding it challenging in its scope.”
%
Chevy Chase: The United States... hold it... The United Nations General 
Assembly passed a resolution equating Zionism with racism. Black entertainer 
Sammy Davis, Jr., a convert to Judaism, was quoted as saying: “What a 
breakthrough! Now, finally, I can hate myself!”
%
Chevy Chase: The FCC announced today that for every Ford commercial run on 
television, a minute of an old Ronald Reagan film must be shown. As a result of 
this action, a spokesman for George Wallace responded by demanding equal time 
by showing one minute of "Ironsides."
%
Chevy Chase: Later, Mr. Ford pierced his left hand with a salad fork at a 
luncheon celebrating Tuna Salad Day at the White House. Alert Secret Service 
agents seized the fork and wrestled it to the ground.
%
Chevy Chase: Good evening. I'm Chevy Chase, and you're not. The top story 
tonight: The Senate Intelligence Committee has revealed that the CIA has been 
involved in no less than nine assassination plots against various foreign 
leaders. Commented President Ford upon reading the report, quote, "Boy, I'm 
sure glad I'm not foreign."
%
Lily Tomlin: Being a New Yorker means never having to say you're sorry.
%
Richard Pryor: How you doin'? Thank you very much for coming here to New York. 
Uh, hope I'm funny. I'd like to dedicate this to, uh, show to Miles Davis, my 
friend. He's in the hospital, sick. But he's cool. Miles always gets women, 
though, 'cause he talks so cool. You know, Miles go: [scratchy whisper]' 
"What's happenin'?" I get women, too. I can't keep 'em but I get 'em. Women 
always leave me, man! I don't mind 'em leavin' but they tell you why. You know 
what I mean? Just leave! Don't tell me why! 'Cause there ain't nothin' you can 
do but stand there and look silly, right? You be ... [imitates a man standing 
there and looking silly: points to himself in surprise, shrugs helplessly, 
rolls his eyes, shakes his head in disbelief] And the madder you get, women get 
cool when you get mad. [as an angry man] "WELL, GO ON AND GET OUT THEN!" [as a 
cool, calm woman] "I'm leaving." [as the man] "I DON'T EVER WANT TO SEE YOU 
AGAIN!" [as the woman] "Don't worry, you shan't."
%
Richard Pryor: Drive you to drink, jack, you know? I tried drinkin' for a while 
but I used to go into bars and check out the people that were drinkin' and they 
weren't happy. And they get beat up a lot. No -- drunks, they start out cool. 
Brother be cool at first and he goin': "Give me a Scotch and soda, please." 
Real cool. 'Bout a hour later: "WHAT?! WHAT YOU MEAN I'M DRUNK?! HUH? I wasn't 
drunk when I came in here! And I ain't gonna leave till I'm sober. Now, you can 
dig that, baby.
%
[During a word association exercise as part of a job interview]
Interviewer: Dog.
Mr. Wilson: Tree.
Interviewer: Fast.
Mr. Wilson: Slow.
Interviewer: Rain.
Mr. Wilson: Snow.
Interviewer: White.
Mr. Wilson: ...Black.
Interviewer: Bean.
Mr. Wilson: Pod.
Interviewer: Negro.
Mr. Wilson: Whitey(!).
Interviewer: Tarbaby.
Mr. Wilson: [pause] What'd you say?
Interviewer: Tarbaby.
Mr. Wilson: Okay.
Interviewer: Colored.
Mr. Wilson: Redneck.
Interviewer: Jungle bunny.
Mr. Wilson: Peckerwood!
Interviewer: Burrhead!
Mr. Wilson: Cracker!
Interviewer: Spearchucker!
Mr. Wilson: White trash!
Interviewer: Jungle Bunny!
Mr. Wilson: Honky!
Interviewer: Spade!
Mr. Wilson: ... Honky Honky!
Interviewer: Nigger!
Mr. Wilson: Dead honky!
%
Interviewer: Okay, Mr. Wilson, I think you're qualified for this job. How about 
a starting salary of $5,000?
Mr. Wilson: Your momma!
Interviewer: Uh.. $7,500 a year?
Mr. Wilson: Your grandmomma!
Interviewer: $15,000, Mr. Wilson. You'll be the highest paid janitor in 
America. Just, don't... don't hurt me, please...
Mr. Wilson: Okay.
Interviewer: Okay.
Mr. Wilson: You want me to start now?
Interviewer: Oh, no, no... that's alright. I'll clean all this up. Take a 
couple of weeks off, you look tired.
%
Chevy Chase: UNICEF fell under attack this week when Syria formally protested 
the charitable organization's new Christmas card, which says, in ten different 
languages, "Let's kill the Arabs and take their oil!"
%
Don Pardo: [voiceover] This is Don Pardo saying, oh oh oh! Whoops! I'm reading 
upside down!
%
Mrs. Henderson: [calling upstairs] Honey?! Did you send for interior 
demolitionists?!
[Interior Demolitionist #1 picked up a vase and shatters it with a hammer]
Mr. Henderson: [from upstairs] I can't hear you what you're saying, honey -- 
I'm in the shower!
Mrs. Henderson: [calling upstairs] Do you send for interior demolitionists?!!
Mr. Henderson: [from upstairs] Whaat?!
Mrs. Henderson: [to Interior Demolitionist # 1] Do you want -- you want some 
coffee?
Interior Demolitionist #1: Oh yeah! Great!
Interior Demolitionist #2: No coffee for me, thank you.
%
Vito Corleone: The ASPCA is out to get me because of this horse thing.
%
Vito Corleone: Alright. The Tattaglia Family is moving in on my territory. 
They've taken over numbers, prostitution, and restaurant linen supply, and now 
they want to bring in drugs. Also, they just shot my son, Santino, fifty-six 
times.
Therapist: Ah! Now we are getting somewhere. What do you think about this?
Vito Corleone: Drugs, I am against.
%
Chevy Chase: Well, as the primaries approach, more and more varied candidates 
are joining the fight for the Democratic ticket. The latest entry is Senator 
Robert Byrd. Byrd was once a member of the Ku Klux Klan, but says now that he 
deeply regrets that association. Byrd has been quoted as saying: "I don't judge 
a man by the color of his skin; I judge him according to the size of his 
nostrils."
%
Chevy Chase: Meanwhile, Sargent Shriver, stressing his close association with 
the Kennedy clan and his affinity for the Trumans' straightforwardness, has 
written his campaign slogan: "The Duck Stops Here." Asked if this plans would 
affect a Kennedy draft, Shriver commented: "I do not believe this year that 
Teddy Kennedy will throw his hat into the water."
%
Ron Nessen: Mr. President, you're signing your hand.
Gerald Ford: Come on in and sit down, Ron.
[Nessen gets up from his chair, walks out the door, shuts it, reopens it, walks 
back in and sits in the same chair]
Gerald Ford: Now what's this about a press conference, Ron?
Ron Nessen: You called it, Mr. President.
Gerald Ford: Called it what?
Ron Nessen: No, you called the press conference, Sir.
Gerald Ford: I see. [Looks over at Liberty] Heel, Liberty. [Looking back at 
Nessen] Sit down and make yourself comfortable, Ron.
Ron Nessen: I am sitting, Mr. President.
Gerald Ford: Ah! Then you must be comfortable.
Ron Nessen: Yes, Sir. Thank you.
Gerald Ford: I'm pretty comfortable myself.
Ron Nessen: That's good.
Gerald Ford: [Looks around the Oval Office] I just don't see what's so awful 
about this room, personally.
Ron Nessen: No, Sir, Oval. It's the Oval Office, sir.
Gerald Ford: Ah!
Ron Nessen: Not awful, Oval, round.
%
Chevy Chase: Another note on the Super Bowl: President Ford expressed regret 
that he won't join Mr. Kissinger in Miami tomorrow, saying he's flying to 
Boston for the first game of the World Series.
%
Chevy Chase: This week, the FDA banned Red Dye #2, saying the red coloring 
agent was suspected of having cancer-causing qualities. Coincidentally, it was 
reported this week that Ronald Reagan has revealed that he underwent treatment 
for cancer of the hair.
%
Chevy Chase: President Gerald Ford has released a list of eight potential 
running mates for the 1976 election. Among them listed are Elliot Richardson, 
Charles Percy, Howard Major, and Sen. Edward Brooke of Massachusetts. White 
House sources said that Brooke, a black man, will not actually be a choice for 
a running mate, but that "The President will put his name as a token of his 
appreciation.
%
Chevy Chase: Well, the popular TV personality known as Professor Backwards was 
slain in Atlanta yesterday by three masked gunmen. According to reports, 
neighbors ignored the Professor's cries of 'Pleh, pleh!'
%
[shortly after Emily Litella is about to finish her editorial replay against 
'canker' research]
Chevy Chase: Uh, Emily?
Emily Litella: What?
Chevy Chase: I'm sorry, it's an editorial about cancer research, not canker 
sores.
Emily Litella: Ohhh! I never thought of that! Never mind!
%
Domintrix: RING AROUND THE COLLAR!
%
Norman Bates: Hi, I'm Norman Bates for the Norman Bates School of Motel 
Management, here to explain how to be your own boss in this rapidly-expanding 
field. Best of all, you learn at home, right in the privacy of your own shower. 
I'll show you how to run anything from a tourist home to a multi-unit motel inn.
%
Norman Bates: Yes, a diploma in motel management can be your passport to 
prosperity, independence, and security, but are you motel material? Let's find 
out with a simple quiz. Question 1: A guest loses the key to her room. Would 
you (A) Give her a duplicate key, (B) Let her in with your passkey, or (C) Hack 
her to death with a kitchen knife. Question 2: Which of the following is the 
most important in running a successful motel? Is it (A) Cordial atmosphere, (B) 
Courteous service, or (C) Hack her to death with a kitchen knife.
%
Chevy Chase: Good evening, I'm Chevy Chase, and you're not!
[cut to film segment of real-life President Ford]
Gerald Ford: I'm Gerald Ford, and you're not.
%
[Jean-Paul got shot and fell into the snow]
Tom Tryman: Uh-oh! Uh-oh! It looks to me like he's been accidentally shot by 
Claudine Longet!
[Jean-Paul regains balance on his skis]
Jessica Antlerdance: Just grazed, I think, Tom..
[Jean-Paul got shot again and fell back into the snow]
Jessica Antlerdance: Oh, no! That one got him, he's down! No, he's down this 
time...no, no! No, he's getting up!
[Jean-Paul continues to ski downhill, albeit a little awkwardly]
Jessica Antlerdance: Always the mark of a fine athlete is the ability to 
recover in difficult situations.
Tom Tryman: I can't believe he's going for the finish line... and -
[Jean-Paul got shot for the last time and fell down to the snow for good]
Tom Tryman: Oh, no! Again... again he's been accidentally shot by Claudine 
Longet, and, this time, I think he's down to stay, Jessica.
%
Richard Nixon: [after watching Henry Kissinger leave the Oval Office] Jewboy! 
Jewboy! Jewboy!
%
Chevy Chase: Weekend Update recognizes its obligation to present responsible 
opposing viewpoints to out editorials. Here with an editorial reply is Miss 
Emily Litella.
Emily Litella: What's all this fuss I keep hearing about violins on television?
%
Chevy Chase: Good evening, I'm Chevy Chase, and, that's the news, good night 
and have a pleasant tomorrow. Just kidding! And you're not.
%
[Dell Stator's Toad Ranch jingle]
When you're at home or on the road
And you've got to stop to crave that toad
Dell Stator's, Dell Stator's
Dell Stator's Family Toad Ranch!
%
Captain Kirk: [voiceover] Captain's Log, final entry. We have tried to explore 
strange new worlds, to seek out new civilizations, to boldly go where no man 
has gone before. And except one television network, we have found intelligent 
life everywhere in the galaxy. Live and long prosper. Captain James T. Kirk, SC 
937-0176 CEC.
%
Chevy Chase: The Smothers Brothers announced this week that they are splitting 
up. Dick Smothers says he want to spend more time with his family; Tommy will 
continue his career as soon as he breaks in a new brother.
%
President Ford: It was my understanding that there would be no math during the 
debates.
%
Chevy Chase: Good evening, I'm God! Let's take a look at tonight's top stories, 
shall we?
%
Chevy Chase: Ugandan dictator Idi Amin has decided to go under species change 
surgery. If the surgery was successful, he will take a career on American 
television. However, if the surgery is unsuccessful, he will eat American 
television.
%
Chevy Chase: (on the phone) Don't worry. I'll do Jiminy Cricket.
(makes a Jiminy Cricket face, then sings)
%
When you wish upon a star,
your..
(realized he's on the air and hangs up)
Chevy Chase: Good evening, I'm Chevy Chase, and I don't like you.
%
Catherine the Great: Oh well, I guess I am queen. And a queen is a queen. But I 
am also a woman. And a woman is a woman.
Snowball: And a horse is a horse.
Catherine the Great: Of course, of course.
%
Chevy Chase: Well, on the warmmer, happier side of life, far from the stories 
which seem sad or tragic, baby gorilla Boom-Boom was flown by Concorde from 
Paris to Washington last Thursday, to join the Ringling Bros. Barnum and 
Bailey's Zoo & Circus. Boom-Boom enchanted passengers and stewardesses during 
the three-and-a-half hour flight by dancing in the aisles, making cute noises, 
and breaking into the cockpit and ripping apart the face of the captain, 
mutiliating the navigator, and crash-landing the jet in Greenland. One humorous 
note: There are no survivors.
%
Chevy Chase: Well, the results of the election are in. Gerald Ford: 0. Jimmy 
Carter: 0. More on this as it develops.
%
Jane Curtin: Actress Sally Field is making a comeback, in a 4-hour drama, 
Sybil, to be televised tomorrow night on NBC. Adapted from the book, "Sybil" is 
a story of a woman who took refuge in sixteen different personalities. Sally 
welcomes the challenge of this role, and feels confident to pull it off. As she 
recently told the reporter: "Thank you, it's nice to be here." "Should I check 
your oil, ma'am?" "And now it's time to play, Double Jeopardy!" "We'll call 
this baby... Jesus." "Je m'appel Henri!" "Franklin, stop playing with that and 
come to bed!" "Good Yante, Rabbi." "I do." "Who is this masked man?" "I'm Chevy 
Chase, and you're not!" "Come on, Sandy, we gotta find Daddy Warbucks!" "$20 
for me, $10 for the hotel." "Every boy wants a Hasbro toy!" "Hey, Abbotttt!" "I 
am not a crook!" Lassie, it's me Timmy!" "And as god as my witness, I'll never 
be hungry again."
%
Peter: [on the phone] Hello? Hello?
Jimmy Carter: Yes. Hello, Peter?
Peter: [on the phone] Is this the President?
Jimmy Carter: Yes, it is.
Walter Cronkite: Do you have a question for the President?
Peter: [on the phone] Uh.. I uh.. I took some acid.. I'm afraid to leave my 
apartment, and I can't wear any clothes.. and the ceiling is dripping, and uh..
Walter Cronkite: Well, thanks you very much for calling, sir..
Jimmy Carter: Just a minute, Walter, this guy's in trouble. I think I better 
try to talk him down. Peter?
Peter: [on the phone] Yeah..?
Jimmy Carter: Peter, what did the acid look like?
Peter: [on the phone] They were these little orange pills.
Jimmy Carter: Were they barrel shaped?
Peter: [on the phone] Uh.. yes.
Jimmy Carter: Okay, right, you did some orange sunshine, Peter.
Peter: [on the phone] Very good of you to know that, sir.
Jimmy Carter: How long ago did you take it, Peter.
Peter: [on the phone] Uh.. I don't know. I can't read my watch.
Jimmy Carter: Alright, Peter, just listen. Everything is going to be fine. 
You're very high right now. You will probably be that way for five more hours. 
Try taking some Vitamin B complex, Vitamin C complex.. if you have beer, go 
ahead and drink it.
Peter: [on the phone] Okay..
Jimmy Carter: Just remember you're a living organism on this planet, and you're 
very safe. You've just taken a heavy drug. Relax, stay inside, and listen to 
some music. Do you have any Allman Brothers?
Peter: [on the phone] Yes, I do, sir. Everything is okay, huh Jimmy?
Jimmy Carter: It sure is, Peter. You know, I'm against drug use myself, but I'm 
not going to lay that on you right now. Just mellow out the best you can, okay?
Peter: [on the phone] Okay.
Jimmy Carter: Okay!
%
Jane Curtin: According to a book published this week, that not only George 
Washington has wooden teeth, but America's first president also had a wooden 
eye, a wooden leg, four wooden toes, a wooden wrist, a wooden spleen, and a 
wooden prostate gland. In fact, he was the rowboat that crossed Delaware. Don't 
you love history?
%
Gags Beasley: Remember this: There is a thin line between comedy and humor.
%
Jane Curtin: Well, Watergate cover-up co-conspirators John Mitchell, John E. 
Erlichman, and Cubby Haldeman have been signed on as Mouseketeers on the Mickey 
Mouse Club TV series. When asked to comment on this unusual move, the three 
defendants quote in unison, "Why, because we like you!"
%
Emily Litella: [her phone messenge] Hello, this is Emily Litella. I'm not home 
right now. But I will call you back as soon as possible. Just leave your name, 
number, and what time you called, after you hear the sound of the jeep. [beep]
%
Jane Curtin: Today was the 102nd running of the Preakness, and our Update 
sports team was there, where we not only covered the race but also attached a 
microphone to the jockey of the race's winner, Seattle Slew.
[cut to stock footage of the race]
Jockey: [voiceover] Ouch..! Ouch..! Ow..! Oh, boy..! Hey.. hey.. aiiee..! 
Ow-ay.. ow..! Ow.. ow.!
Horse: [voiceover] It's okay, we'll be alright!
Jockey: [voiceover] Okay. Oh..! Ow..! Ow..!
Horse: [voiceover] We're okay!
Jockey: [voiceover] I know, my- ow!
Horse: [voiceover] Ohhh, I told you, Wilbur!
Jockey: [voiceover] Ow, I wish I was wearing my jockey shorts-- aiieee! Ow..!
Horse: [voiceover] Oh boy, Wilbur! Oh..! Good boy!
[cut back to Jane Curtin at the news deck]
Jane Curtin: A footnote to the race: the other favorite, Run Dusty Run, not 
noted for being a good loser, threw a tantrum and had to be dragged away 
kicking and screaming.
%
Yortuk Festrunk: [Czech accent] We are... two wild and crazy guys!
%
Dan Aykroyd: During the Lance Hearings, Sen. Charles Percy has been 
inaccurately accused of tax fraud and embezzlement. Percy later apologized, 
saying that anyone can make a mistake. Well this story has JUST come in: In 
1946, while in the navy, Percy has sex with a polar bear.
Jane Curtin: Uh, wait a minute, Dan. We just had a report that that story is 
inaccurate. But we do have this, uh, from one of our sources: In 1972, Percy 
personally ordered the assassination of baseball player Roberto Clemente.
Dan Aykroyd: Uh, this bulletin is JUST coming in, Jane: That last story is, in 
fact, inaccurate, but we DO have information that in 1957, Percy ordered the 
assassination of a polar bear while having SEX with Roberto Clemente. More on 
that story, uh, when we get some of the facts. [looks offscreen] Will someone 
check that out?
%
[Beginning of Weekend Update]
Don Pardo: [voiceover] And now, Weekend Update with Chevy Chase!
Jane Curtin and Dan Aykroyd: [shocked] What?!
Don Pardo: [voiceover] [apologetic] Sorry, old script.
%
[fake NBC title card of "The Little House on The Praire Burns To The Ground"]
Don Pardo: [voiceover] The Little House on The Praire Burns To The Ground will 
not be seen tonight, so that NBC will air the following special program.
%
[On Weekend Update, while Emily Litella is telling Chevy Chase that she missed 
him, Jane Curtin is not happy]
Jane Curtin: [angrily] Emily?! What are you doing here?! SCRAM!
Emily Litella: Oh, go to hell, Miss Clayton.
%
Todd: Mr. Brighton? Did I sent you the letter?
Mr. Brighton: I don't know.
Todd: Because I forgot to stamp it!
[Todd crushed Mr. Brighton's toes with his foot]
Lisa Loopner: Your fly's open, Mr. Brighton.
Mr. Brighton: [fuming] YES, I KNOW!
[Mr. Brighton left the Loopner household abruptly]
%
Dan Aykroyd: This just in, Garrett Morris is dead. A group of 8 youths has 
fatally shot the late Update correspondant at the kids' playground. Another 
paraquat-related death.
Jane Curtin: Hoping your news is good news. Good night and have a pleasant 
tomorrow.
%
Jane Curtin: Our top story tonight: The New York Yankees evened the World 
Series with two games apiece this afternoon, with a 4-3 victory over the Los 
Angeles Dodgers. [audience cheers and applauds] Though thrilled about today's 
victory, millionaire-owner George Steinbrenner, in what he said was a 
precautionary move to ensure another world championship, purchased the entire 
Los Angeles Dodgers team, and immediately enstated Billy Martin as the Dodgers' 
manager for the rest of the series.
%
Bill Murray: Punk rock star, Sid Vicious, was arraigned yesterday in the night 
of the killing of his girlfriend. Vicious' lawyer said that it may be difficult 
to get a fair trial for the ex-Sex Pistol, considering his name. So, during the 
proceedings, Sid will change his name from "Sid Vicious" to "Sidney, Not Such a 
Bad Guy Once You Get To Know Him."
%
Steve Martin:(enters with a clamp on his head) I do not feel well tonight. I 
woke up this morning with a splitting headache. It was though my heads was in a 
vice! I though it would go away, but it hasn't. I took some aspirin-it meant 
nothing. I decided to continue with the show, anyway. Pardon me. What? There's 
a clamp on my head? Aha! Those Saturday Night people! They didn't even TELL me! 
I went through makeup and everything and nobody said a WORD!
Jane Curtin: This past Thursday was the Great American Smoke Out, a day that 
everyone in America was encouraged to stop smoking cigarettes for a twenty-four 
hour period. Here to comment further is Update health correspondent, Roseanne 
Roseannadanna.
Rosanne Rosannadanna: Thanks a lot, Jane! Thanks a lot! A Mr. Richard Feder 
from Fort Lee, New Jersey, writes in and says "Dear Rosanne Rosannadanna, Last 
Thursday, I quit smoking. Now, I'm depressed, I get wet, my face broke out, I'm 
nauseous, I'm constipated, my feet swell, my gums are bleeding, my sinuses are 
clogged, I got heartburn, I'm cranky, and I have gas. What should I do?" Mr. 
Feder you sound like a real attractive guy. You BELONG in New Jersey! But I 
know exactly what you're goin' through 'cause once, I, Roseanne Roseannadanna, 
quit smokin'. And to get back in shape, I had to join one of those 
fancy-shmancy health clubs. You know, the ones where it's real expensive to 
join but it's worth it, 'cause you get to see a lot o' people that you don't 
know naked! Like, some people got those bulgy-bulgy thighs, the ones that get 
chafed just 'cause they're always scrapin' against each other. And there's 
other people there that got these funny belly buttons. Like, some go in and 
some go out or it's like a hole or it curls around or it's like a little knob 
on it, like a door. Some of them got a little piece of their sweater still in 
it! Some of 'em look like a little star or a shell or a clam. Or some, you 
don't what they are! But, personally, I, Roseanne Rosannadanna, don't like to 
walk around with no clothes in front of other people! Not that I don't got a 
great body. But why should I waste it on a bunch of fat ladies in a health 
club? Anyway, they got this sauna there which is a little hot room where you go 
to sweat like a pig. So, I go in there, but before I sit down, I put this clean 
towel on the bench 'cause there's a lot of people in there and you don't know 
where they been! So, listen to this. Who do you think is sitting next to me but 
Dr. Joyce Brothers! That very smart pixie lady who thinks she knows everything. 
But what this nude psychologist doesn't know is that she had this little teeny 
tiny ball o' sweat right here, hangin' off the tip of her nose! It was just 
hangin' there! It wouldn't fall off! Like, if she turned her head, it didn't 
fall off; if she stood up, it didn't fall off; she scratched, it didn't fall 
off; and when she picked a little piece of sweater out of her belly button, it 
didn't fall off! That little sweat ball just wouldn't fall off! So I yelled at 
her. I said, "Hey! Doctor! Flick that sweat ball off your nose! What are ya 
tryin' to do? Make me sick?!" She...
Jane Curtin: Roseanne!
Roseanne Rosannadanna: What? What?
Jane Curtin: What do health clubs, sweat and saunas have to do with cigarettes?
Roseanne Rosannadanna: Well, Jane. It just goes to show ya. It's always 
somethin'. If it's not one thing, it's another! Either you smoke or you have a 
sweat ball hangin' off your nose! It's just like the song we used to sing on 
Thanksgiving when I was a little girl. Everybody would come over to my house 
lookin' all pretty and cute and everything. My mother would make a turkey with 
stuffing and for dessert we'd have the traditional Banana Rosannadanna cake. 
Before we ate, we'd bow our heads. Bow your head, Jane. Come on, bow your 
little head. Come on. Jane, bow your head. Bow your head now. [Jane bows her 
head] We'd bow our heads and we'd all sing.
[singing] We gather together to ask the Lord's blessing
Please look down upon the Roseannadanna household
Bring peace to our fathers, good health to our mothers
And please don't make me sweat like Dr. Joyce Brothers!
Amen!
%
[Richard Nixon showed his family his new political slogan that promotes his 
reformed personality]
Richard Nixon: I got a million slogans. "The New Dick!" It is nice? Short, 
sweet, and everyone wants to see.
Pat Nixon: It's short and sweet, but I don't think everyone will see it.
%
Chico Escuela: Beil Murray is berry, berry, good to me and Hane Curtin is a 
sarcastic bisch.
%
Fred Garvin: Call me... Fred Garvin, Male Prostitute.
[Shows title card while 20's music played over it]
%
Bill Murray: So if you're a Rhesus Monkey and you want to donate your body to 
science, please hop in the box and send yourself to "Rhesus Roundup, San 
Simian, California."
%
Dan Aykroyd: I'm station manager Dan Aykroyd. During the past few weeks in Los 
Angeles, actor Lee Marvin and his former live-in companion Michelle Triola 
Marvin have been in court to settle her claim that he owes her half his income 
from the six years they lived together. That is a subject of tonight's 
Point-Counterpoint. Jane will take the pro-Michelle Marvin point, while I will 
take the anti-Michelle Triola counterpoint.
Jane Curtin: Dan, times change and so does the nature of relationships. People 
are reluctant to get married these days and looking at divorce statistics, who 
can blame them. But the lack of a piece of paper does not necessarily mean a 
lack of total commitment. A woman is this modern-day relationship may well give 
up all her personal pursuits, as Michelle Marvin claims she did, to give her 
full support to her man's career. And Michelle Marvin is just asking that the 
courts recognize that reality. Dan, there's an old saying: "Behind every 
successful man there's a woman." A loving, giving, caring woman. But you 
wouldn't know about that, Dan, because there's no old saying about what's 
behind a miserable failure.
Dan Aykroyd: Jane, you ignorant slut! Bagged-out, dried-up, slunken meat like 
you and Michelle Triola know the rules. If you want a contract, sign on the 
dotted line. Oh, but let's shed a tear for poor Michelle Triola. There was only 
testimony that she had sexual intercourse over forty times with another man 
while living with actor Lee Marvin. But I suppose that sort of fashionable 
promiscuting means nothing to you, Jane, who hops from bed to bed with the 
frequency of the cheap ham radio. But hell hath no fury like a woman's scorn, 
and Michelle Triola, like a screeching, squealing, reptatious swamp sow is 
after actor Lee Marvin's last three million dollars. I guess what you and 
Michelle are saying is that when you're on your backs, the meter is running. 
Well, please spare us, gals, and tell us the rate's at the top. Then we can 
choose which two bit tarts and bargain basement sluts to shack up with.
%
Milton Berle: You folks on the show, hold it please. Let's hear it for Lee 
Marvin and his witnesses, ladies and gentlemen. Take a bow. Lovely outfit. You 
always dress this classy? Now, uh... I don't feel much like workin', I got bad 
news, my wife ran away with my best friend... and I miss him.
%
Milton Berle: [in response to a sudden noise from the band stand] NBC just 
dropped another show.
%
Bill Murray: In Britain, where political campaigns are often a source of 
unmistakenly British wit, we have this from Prime Minister James Callaghan. 
Commenting on the likely defeat of his Labour Party by the Tories in the 
upcoming British election, Callaghan quipped: "When I congratulate Mrs. 
Thatcher, I won't know whether to clasp her hand or hand her a clasp!" When 
asked to explain that joke, Callaghan replied: "By the term 'clasp', I mean, of 
course, a paper clip, such as much be used to hold together the various 
important papers and documents which, as Prime Minister, Mrs. Thatcher would 
very likely be handling." [Bill chuckles] There'll always be an England!
%
Irwin Mainway: Look, Miss Face, is this just another one of your personal 
attacks?
%
Jane Curtin: Dan, you self-important swine ass.
%
Dan Aykroyd: Jane, you magnificently ignorant slut.
%
Jane Curtin: Miss Lillian Carter removes her makeup. This and other stories 
coming up on Weekend Update next.
%
Bill Murray: The British rock group, The Who, Cincinnati's Riverfront Stadium, 
and a concert promoter were named as co-defendants in a $27 million 
class-action suit, because of the mishap that occurred earlier this week. The 
legal proceedings was marred, however, when they broke for lunch, four city 
councilmen were trampled to death.
%
Jane Curtin: This just in: Paul McCartney was freed, but the crisis continued 
in Tokyo.
%
Father Guido Sarducci: I had a bunch of Quaaludes in my sock.
%
Father Guido Sarducci: Live from New York and the wonderful empire of Japan, 
it's Saturday Night.
%
Mr. Potato Head: [sings]
I am Mr. Potato Head
The pride of Ireland green.
%
Lady Pinth Garnell: Tune in next week on Bad Playhouse, where we present an 
awful Japanese version of Chaucer's Canterbury Tales. So until then, good night.
%
Al Franken: The top ten shows for the 1979-1980 television season included some 
A's, some B's, some C's, and some S's. Did you see any N's? No. Not one N. Why? 
Because Silverman is a lame-o! And I heard he has a nice limousine service. I 
like to call it "A Limo for a Lame-o."
%
[after Mr. Bill was caught trying to escape]
Mr. Hands: Uh oh, they see you. And the warden (Sluggo) says that you are 
surrounded. So stand up and reach for the sky.
Mr. Bill: [still trapped in rubble] No wait! I'm stuck! So don't shoot, okay?
[prison firing squad doesn't believe him and fires under Warden Sluggo's orders]
Mr. Bill: Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! They shot me! Ohhhhhhhhhhh!
[The firing squad spells the words "THE END" in bullets on Mr. Bill's body]
Mr. Hands: Bye bye!
%
Father Guido Sarraduchi: (outside Paul McCartney's den) Well, the pence hitting 
the window didn't work. My serenading didn't even work, but I know THIS is 
going to work. Rock. (Throws a rock at the window-the lights turn on). That's 
an old gossip columnist trick. Miss Roland taught me that one. Works every 
time. He'll be out-I know it. (Paul comes out) Here he comes and this is it if 
you can believe it!
Butler: Lord and Lady Douchebag!
%
Earl of Sandwich: Douchebag, how are you? I haven't seen you at the House of 
Lords in ages! Don't tell me for the first time in memory we are going to have 
a House of Parliament without a Douchebag?
Lord Douchebag: My dear Sandwich, Parliament has always had its share of 
Douchebags, and it always will.
Lord Salisbury: Spoken like a true Douchebag.
%
[During the goodnights]
Buck Henry: Thank you for coming. Good night... and goodbye.
%
Charles Rocket: Meanwhile, actor Cary Grant today, slapped former Weekend 
Update anchorman Chevy Chase, with a $10 million defamination suit, for 
allegally calling him a "homosexual" on NBC-TV's "Tomorrow" show. Grant charges 
that Chase's remarks were completely and totally false, and added, "He's the 
homo, not me. And one more crack like that and I'll scratch his eyes out, Mary!"
%
Charles Rocket: {to Cuban couple} Tourists, are you?
Cuban Man: {speaks Cuban and translates} It means, "how do you do?"
Charles Rocket: Okay, well, sounds like you've got a couple of drinks this 
afternoon, huh?
%
[On Weekend Update, during the Saturday Night Sports segment]
Raheem Abdul Mohammed: All I'm saying is that y'all stay on the hockey courts 
and the polo fields, and let us stay on the basketball courts. 'Cause if God 
would have wanted whites to be equal to blacks, they should have one of these.
[He pulls out a boombox]
%
NBC Executive: There's just one thing. You are a virgin, aren't you?
Cheerleader: I'm sure... [realized she is not] I- [NBC executive walks away] 
Wait!
%
Nun: Damn you, Father Sarducci!
%
Eddie Murphy: How you'd doing? I'm Eddie Murphy. Anybody in the audience ever- 
(audience cheers enthusiasticly) Thank you! Thank you. How many people in the 
audience have seen black people fight before? (the audience cheers 
enthusiasticly) For those of you who haven't, I'll show you what it's like: (he 
turns his head and falls into character) "What did you say to me, man? What? 
Now, wait a second! Now, be cool, man! Me and you gonna talk!" (looks to his 
side) "Little Dude, did you hear what he said about my momma? The dude said my 
momma got a wooden leg with a kickstand! Now, my momma ain't got no kickstand 
on it, man! It's just a regular wooden leg! Don't you exaggeratin' about my 
momma, man!" (he looks around himself) "He said WHAT?! Your momma got a wooden 
leg with a KICKSTAND on it?! You crazy man! You should whip his behind, man! 
Whip it, what, just like that record sing: Whip it! Whip it good! Put your FOOT 
in his BUTT! Keep it there for a little while!" "Hey, be cool, little dude! I'm 
gonna say something about his momma! Say, man! (to the little dude) Listen to 
this here. Say, man! Your momma... got some MOUTH in the back of her NECK! And 
the bitch chew like this! (He stretches his arms out and swings his head up and 
down in rhythm) Hear what I say about his momma, little dude?" (laughing as 
Little Dude) "Momma got a mouth in the back of her neck and chew like!" 
(imitates motion) "I can't breathe! I can't breathe! Oh! Oh! Whip his butt! 
Don't be changin' the subject, you gettin' your behind WHIPPED! Believe me!" 
(does a double take) "Say, man- put that gun away! Whatchoo gonna do with that 
gun, shoot somebody? Well, then, SHOOT HIM! Go ahead, shoot him! He's messing 
with you, not me! Shoot him!" "That's right, man! Shoot me, if you gonna shoot 
somebody!" (He makes a popping noise, then looks down at the little dude) "Nice 
shot, man!"
%
Eddie Murphy: Now I know what you're saying, "This kid is young. Will he ever 
burn out?", I don't think so.
%
(reveals that he is wearing sunglasses, along with a mirror on his hand)
Mr. Robinson: Did your mamma slap you? Then you said it right!
%
Charles Rocket: Listen here Ronnie baby! If you wanna make some money, why 
won't you have Nancy shop at Sears?!
%
[During the goodnights, Charles Rocket is in his wheelchair with a bandage on 
the wound of his neck]
Charlene Tilton: Charlie, how do you feel when you got shot?
Charles Rocket: [muttering] Oh man, I have been shot through my entire life. I 
like to know who the fuck did that?
[The cast responded with a mix of shock and laughter to the curse word]
Charlene Tilton: Okay!
%
Ann Risley: The press hasn't been overly kind.
Bill Murray: Yeah, I read that stuff: "Saturday Night Live is Saturday Night 
Dead."
Cast: [groans] Oh, come on, geez.
Bill Murray: "From Yuck to Yeech." [cast groans still] My favorite though, is, 
"Vile From New York."
Cast: [groans] Please, Bill.
Bill Murray: Come on! It's funny, it's funny!
%
Al Franken: After five golden years, Lorne decided to leave. And so did those 
close to him, including me, Al Franken. [His name appeared on screen] So, NBC 
wants to pick a new producer. Now, most knowledgeable people, as you might 
imagine, hoped it would be me, Al Franken. [His name appeared on screen again] 
But instead, without consulting the show's staff or cast, NBC picked Jean 
Doumanian. Now, I don't want to be cruel to Jean -- because it might make you 
think less of me, Al Franken. [His name appeared again] Anyway, it took NBC 12 
shows to figure out their horrendous mistake. And a month ago, they fired Jean. 
Okay, now, who do they pick to rectify the original error? Someone like me, Al 
Franken? [His name appeared again] No, they picked Dick Ebersol. I know Dick, 
and I can tell you that he doesn't know Dick. Okay. Now, the show is going to 
be a little better. No english-speaking person could do the worst job than 
Jean. And I think it's time that we should get this tired old format off the 
air. So if you write for me, Al Franken. [His name appeared again] Just write 
to: Put SNL To Sleep, 30 Rockefeller Plaza, New York, New York, 10020. And one 
more thing, me and Tom Davis are hosting Saturday Night Live next week, with 
musical guest, The Grateful Dead. So watch that. After that, don't watch it 
anymore.
[Audience applauds]
Chevy Chase: And that's the news, good night and have a pleasant tomorrow.
%
Pooped 'em
Eddie Murphy: Live, from New York, it's the Eddie Murphy show!
%
Lily Tomlin: Live, from New York, it's the Lily Tomlin show!
%
Derek Stevens: (singing "The Lady I Know")
There's a lady I know
If I didn't know her
She'd be the lady I didn't know.
%
And my lady, she went downtown
She bought some broccoli
She brought it home.
She's choppin' broccoli
Choppin' broccoli
Choppin' broccoli
Choppin' broccoli
She's choppin' broccoli
She's choppin' broccoli
She's chop.. ooh!
She's choppin' broccola-ah-ie!
%
Mephistopheles: (hypnotically at camera) You, watching this at home, worship 
me! I command you! Become my willing thralls and live enternally!
Doug Llewellen: That's all for this edition of "The People's Court."
Mephistopheles: Know the sweet, sublime feeling of complete obedience to your 
Evil Master! Come serve me, the Prince of Darkness, I command it! Hear me!
Baliff: Come on, let's go! Come on!
Mephistopheles: Wait, wait just a second... Obey me! Obey me! (laughs wickedly)
%
Dennis Miller: Tonight's top story: Donald Duck and Mickey Mouse turned up in 
the People's Republic of China this week to promote their series in Chinese 
television. This is just part of a worldwide Disney organization, which also 
includes "Goofy in Beirut" and also a new Disney character, "Hassenfutz in 
Nicaragua."
%
Dennis Miller: And the New York Mets defeated the Boston Red Sox in Game 6 of 
the World Series tonight, prompting New York Yankees owner, George Steinbrenner 
to fire his manager Lou Piniella.
%
Steve Martin: If I had one wish that I could wish this holiday season, it would 
be for all the children of the world to join hands and sing together in the 
spirit of harmony and peace.
If I had two wishes that I could wish for this holiday season, the first would 
be for all the children of the world to join hands and sing in the spirit of 
harmony and peace...and the second would be for $30 million a month to be given 
to me, tax-free in a Swiss bank account.
You know, if I had three wishes that I could make this holiday season, first, 
of course, would be for all the children to get together and sing, the second 
would be for the $30 million every month to me, and the third would be for all 
encompassing power over every living being in the entire universe.
And if I had four wishes that I could make this holiday season, first would be 
the crap about the kids, second would be for the $30 million, the third would 
be for all the power, and the fourth would be to set aside one month each year 
to have an extended 31-day orgasm, to be brought about slowly by Rosanna 
Arquette and that model, Paulina somebody, I can't think of her name, of course 
my lovely wife could come, too. She's behind me 100% on this, I guarantee you.
Wait a minute, maybe that sex thing should be the first wish! So, if I made 
that the first wish, because, you know, it could all go boom tomorrow, and then 
what have you got? No, no, the kids singing would be great, that would be nice. 
Wait a minute, who am I kidding! I mean, they're not gonna be able to get all 
those kids together! I mean, the logistics of the thing is impossible! It's 
more trouble than it's worth! So, we reorganize, here we go. First, the sex 
thing—we go with that; second, the money. No! We go with the power second, 
then the money, and then the kids. Oh, wait, oh geez! I forgot about revenge 
against my enemies! Okay, revenge against all my enemies, they should die like 
pigs in Hell! That would be the fourth wish! And of course, my fifth wish would 
be for all the children of the world to join hands and sing in the spirit of 
peace and harmony. Thank you, everybody.
%
Sam Donaldson (Kevin Nealon): Vice-President Bush, there are millions of 
homeless in this country - children who go hungry, and lacking in other basic 
necessities. How would the Bush administration achieve your stated goal of 
making this a kinder, gentler nation?
George Bush (Dana Carvey): Well, that is a big problem, Sam, and unfortunately 
the format of these debates makes it hard to give you a complete answer. If I 
had more time, I could spell out the program in greater detail, but I'm afraid, 
in a short answer like this, all I can say is we're on track - we can do more - 
but we're getting the job done, so let's stay on course, a thousand points of 
light. Well, unfortunately, I guess my time is up.
Diane Sawyer (Jan Hooks): Mr. Vice-President, you still have a minute-twenty.
George Bush: What? That can't be right. I must have spoken for at least two 
minutes.
Diane Sawyer: No, just forty seconds, Mr. Vice-President.
George Bush: Really? Well, if I didn't use the time then, I must have just used 
the time now, talking about it.
Diane Sawyer: No, no, Mr. Vice-President, it's not being counted against you.
George Bush: Well, I just don't want it to count against Governor Dukakis' time.
Diane Sawyer: It won't. It will come out of the post-debate commentary.
George Bush: Do you think that's a good idea?
Diane Sawyer: You still have a minute-twenty, Mr. Vice-President.
George Bush: Well, more has to be done, sure. But the programs we have in place 
are doing the job, so let's keep on track and stay the course.
Diane Sawyer: You have fifty seconds left, Mr. Vice-President.
George Bush: Let me sum up. On track, stay the course. Thousand points of light.
Diane Sawyer: Governor Dukakis, rebuttal?
Michael Dukakis (Jon Lovitz): I can't believe I'm losing to this guy.
%
Steve Martin: You know, I've been coming here to do Saturday Night Live since 
1976, and the thing that keeps bringing you back is the people you get to work 
with...and I would like to show you something we recorded on this stage in 
1978. [Shows the "Dancing in the Dark" sketch in which he dances with Gilda 
Radner, who had passed away earlier that day] You know, when I look at that 
tape, I can't help but think how great she was, and how young I looked. Gilda, 
we loved you.
%
[The Happy Fun Ball sketch]
Kid 1: It's happy!
Kid 2: It's fun!
Kid 1, Kid 2, Kid 3: It's Happy Fun Ball!
Announcer: Yes, it's Happy Fun Ball! The toy sensation that's sweeping the 
nation! Only $14.95 at participating stores! Get one today!
Announcer: [suddenly, in a serious tone] Warning: Pregnant women, the elderly, 
and children under 10 should avoid prolonged exposure to Happy Fun Ball.
Announcer: Caution: Happy Fun Ball may suddenly accelerate to dangerous speeds.
Announcer: Happy Fun Ball contains a liquid core, which, if exposed due to 
rupture, should not be touched, inhaled, or looked at.
Announcer: Do not use Happy Fun Ball on concrete.
Announcer: Discontinue use of Happy Fun Ball if any of the following occurs: 
Itching, vertigo, dizziness, tingling in extremites, loss of balance and 
coordination, slurred speech, temporary blindness, profuse sweating, or heart 
palpitations.
Announcer: If Happy Fun Ball begins to smoke, get away immediately. Seek 
shelter and cover head.
Announcer: Happy Fun Ball may stick to certain types of skin.
Announcer: When not in use, Happy Fun Ball should be returned to its special 
container and kept under refrigeration. Failure to do so relieves the makers of 
Happy Fun Ball, Wacky Products Inc., and its parent company, Global Chemical 
Unlimited, of any and all liability.
Announcer: Ingredients of Happy Fun Ball includes an unknown glowing green 
substance which fell to Earth, probably from outer space.
Announcer: Happy Fun Ball has been shipped to our troops in Saudi Arabia and is 
being dropped by our warplanes on Iraq.
Announcer: Do not taunt Happy Fun Ball.
Announcer: Happy Fun Ball comes with a lifetime warranty.
Announcer: [back in energetic tone again] Happy Fun Ball! Accept no substitutes!
%
Secret Service Agent: Sir, we've only been jogging for three blocks. Besides, 
Mrs. Clinton asked us not to let you in any more fast food places.
Bill Clinton: I just want to mingle with the American people, talk with some 
real folks.. and maybe get a Diet Coke, or something.
Secret Service Agent: Fine. But please don't tell Mrs. Clinton.
Bill Clinton: Jim, let me tell you something—there's gonna be a lot of things 
we don't tell Mrs. Clinton about.
%
Bennett Brauer (Chris Farley): [making air quotes throughout] That's right, 
Bennett Brauer, here with a commentary. Not quite what you're used to, perhaps. 
Not a tidy picture, is it? Because in today's souped up society, apparently 
John Q. Viewer is only comfortable getting his opinions from a Ken doll. Well, 
maybe I'm not a "G.Q. model" or a "hunk". Maybe I'm not "handsome" or even 
"presentable". I'm not "pleasing to the eye". Maybe I'm not "witty". I have no 
"charm" or "appeal". I'm not "smart" or even "the average". I don't "pee in the 
potty". I'm not "clean". I don't "smell good". I'm not "polished" or 
"prepared". I have nothing "interesting to say". I guess I don't "play the 
game". When I eat, I don't "use silverware" or "wipe my face". I don't "wash 
afterwards" or even the "next day". So I guess I just don't "fit the mold", and 
if that 's the case, I'll just step back and I'm sure John and Jane Doe can go 
back to enjoying the endless parade of commentators who don't "make people 
queasy". Thanks, that's all for now, Kevin.
%
Matt Foley sketch:
Chris Farley:First off, I am 35 years old, I am divorced, and I live in a van 
down by the river.
%
Chris Farley:You're gonna end up eating a steady diet of government cheese, and 
livin' in a van down by the river!
%
Chris Farley:Young man, what do you want to do with your life?
David Spade:Well, actually, I kind of want to be a writer.
Chris Farley:Well, la-dee-Frickin'-da! We got ourselves a writer here! Hey Dad, 
I can't see real good, is that Bill Shakespeare over there?
Phil Hartman: Well, actually, Matt, we've actually been encouraging Bryan 
(David Spade's character) in his writing.
Chris Farley:Dad, I wish you could shut your big YAPPER!
%
Chris Farley:From what I here you're using that paper for doobie rollin'. Well 
there's gonna be plenty of time for rollin' doobies, when you're LIVIN' IN A 
VAN DOWN BY THE RIVER!
%
Chris Farley:Young lady, what do you want to do with your life?
Christina Applegate:(Sarcastically)I wanna live in a van down by the river.
Chris Farley:Well you'll have plenty of time for livin' in a van down by the 
river when...YOU'RE LIVIN' IN A VAN DOWN BY THE RIVER!
%
Bennett Brauer: That's right, Bennett Brauer here with another commentary. 
Didn't think the suits would have me back, perhaps. Thought they'd have my 
derriere replaced by one of those cookie cutter store mannequins. Well, maybe 
I'm not "the norm". I'm not "camera friendly". I don't "wear clothes that fit 
me". I'm not a "heartbreaker". I haven't "had sex with a woman"; I don't know 
"how that works". I guess I don't "fall in line". I'm not "hygienic". I don't 
"wipe properly". I lack "style". I don't have "charisma" or "self esteem". I 
don't "own a toothbrush" or "let my scabs heal". I can't "reach all the parts 
of my body". When I sleep, I don't...I "sweat profusely". But I guess the 
"powers that be" will keep signing my paycheck, at least until John and Jane Q. 
Viewer start to go for the remote so they can get back to watching commentators 
who don't "frighten children" and don't "eat their own dandruff" and don't "pop 
their white heads with a compass they used in high school".
%
Kevin Nealon: [subliminal editorial] In Singapore, public flogging by law is 
one hundred years old. (Dick Clark) And, frankly ...I was stunned to think 
there was any place on Earth where a teenage boy could be stripped and paddled 
across his bare buttocks. (Neverland Ranch) Admittedly...some convicted felons 
deserve to be beaten. (Leona Helmsley) But some say justice must be satisfied. 
But who gets satisfaction out of having people tied up and whipped? (Rick 
James) Others say...this acts as a deterrent but no one can predict the future. 
(Hillary Clinton) Yes, the boy admitted to spray painting cars, but he's only 
eighteen and young people often do stupid and impulsive things they later 
regret. (Shannen Doherty) I happen to think...that everyone's entitled to one 
mistake. (Euro Disney) And I'm not saying there aren't...those who I'd love to 
see get a good flogging. (Urkel) It's just that...I'm afraid we've become so 
insensitive that we've learned to accept the idea of a man's beating in public. 
(Pee Wee Herman) Let's have some compassion... Remember... No, I'm just saying, 
you gotta... Remember, justice should be tempered with mercy. These words from 
a wise man (Bazooka Joe) should be our watchword. ... And hopefully, before 
long, this boy can go on with his life and his story will be yesterday's news 
and long forgotten. (Debbie Gibson) Thank you.
%
Norm MacDonald: And now a new feature on Weekend Update, here's Nancy Walls 
with the Head-Shaking News. Nancy?
Nancy Walls: Thank you, Norm.
Norm MacDonald: Nancy, what have you got for us tonight?
Nancy Walls: Our top story tonight comes from Cincinnati, where a highly 
decorated, paralyzed World War II veteran was beaten and robbed by thieves, who 
then stole his wheelchair and tried to sell it for crack. [Norm and Nancy 
solemnly shake their heads, which they do with every sad story] The next 
morning, it was picked up by Cincinnati garbagemen, taken to the city dump, and 
melted down for scrap.
Norm MacDonald: That...that just breaks your heart.
Nancy Walls: And this week in El Paso, a man was struck by lightning and taken 
to a local hospital, where he died after doctors mistakenly gave him a massive 
dose of electricity.
Norm MacDonald: Oh...oh, you hate to hear that.
Nancy Walls: It's the times, Norm. In other news, Mickey, the beloved swan, 
who's been entertaining children at the St. Louis Zoo for 75 years...
Norm MacDonald: Oh, hey, I love that swan.
Nancy Walls: Well, wait. He was shot through the neck with an arrow, beaten, 
and then sexually assaulted with his own beak.
Norm MacDonald: Oh...that's just senseless.
Nancy Walls: And in Binghamton, New York, an organ courier bringing a liver to 
a dying nun had the organ stolen. The liver was later found in a large Kaiser 
roll with lettuce, tomato, and Russian dressing. It had been delivered to a 
rival fraternity as a prank.
Norm MacDonald: Oh...what a world we live in, Nancy. What a world.
Nancy Walls: I think somewhere, Norm, we got off the track as a society.
Norm MacDonald: Well, is that all for the Head-Shaking News, Nancy?
Nancy Walls: No, no, Norm, there's one more item. I'm a new cast member, I just 
moved here all the way from Chicago, and this Head-Shaking News thing pretty 
much is my big spot on the show.
Norm MacDonald: Oh...that's not right.
Nancy Walls: What are you gonna do?
Norm MacDonald: Well, hey, maybe this Head-Shaking News thing will kinda take 
off.
Nancy Walls: You really think so?
Norm MacDonald: [shaking] No, I don't. Nancy Walls, everybody.
%
Norm MacDonald: Well, it's official: murder is now legal in the state of 
California.
%
Norm MacDonald: [on George Burns's 100th birthday] I don't know the secret to 
his longevity, but I think I speak for all of us when I say I hope Pauly Shore 
doesn't know it either.
%
Norm MacDonald: Our top story tonight: In an emotional press conference this 
week, Bob Dole announced that he was resigning from the U.S. Senate, where he 
has served for nearly three decades. Dole said he regretted leaving the Senate, 
but needed to focus all his energies on a goal many had once thought 
impossible: getting Bill Clinton re-elected.
Meanwhile, the Clinton administration has charged that the new Republican 
budget contains hidden tax breaks for big business and the wealthy. In 
response, Republican lawmakers said, "Shhhh!"
%
Norm MacDonald: Tomorrow night on "60 Minutes", Dr. Jack Kevorkian will sit for 
his first-ever in-depth interview. According to producers, Kevorkian agreed to 
the interview only on condition that it be conducted by veteran correspondent 
Andy Rooney. Wait! Don't do it, Andy, it's a trap! It's a trap!
%
Norm MacDonald: While jogging on San Diego this weekend President Clinton was 
berated by tourist Valerie Parker who shouted at him, quote: "You're a 
draft-dodging, yellow-bellied liar, you're a disgrace to the office of the 
Presidency, to your gender and to this nation," and then added: "I'm still 
gonna vote for you".
%
Nat X: So what’s going on in the news today? Same thing every day: O.J. Black 
people too happy, white people too mad. I haven’t seen that many mad white 
people since they cancelled M*A*S*H. Everybody “Hey look at all them black 
people too happy talkin’ about “Look what we won! We won, we won!” Hey - 
what we won? I ain’t get nothin’ yet! Every day Nat X look in his mailbox, 
nothin' in there. Where my O.J. prize? Okay? Everybody talkin’ about its 
about race, it’s about race. That’s a bunch of crap. It’s about fame. 
‘Cause if O.J. wasn’t famous, he’d be in jail right now. That’s 
right—if O.J. drove a bus, he wouldn’t even be O.J. He’d be Orenthal the 
bus driving murderer.
%
Tori Spelling (Cheri Oteri): Hi Nat! It’s good to be here, how are you?
Nat X: Look, don’t come here a kissin’ my behind. The only reason you’re 
here is ‘cause your daddy paid me, okay? Now I saw your movie of the week.
Tori Spelling: Oh thanks, did you like it?
Nat X: Did I like it? Let me put it this way: I’ve seen better actin in a 
Cambodian whorehouse! Alright? I’ve seen better actin’ in tough actin’ 
Tinactin.
%
Norm MacDonald: Yesterday, in a dramatic finish to his White House bid, Bob 
Dole began a 96-hour, 15-state, non-stop campaign tour that will take him right 
through Election day. Political experts are calling the grueling marathon a, 
quote, "last ditch effort," while medical experts are calling it, quote, "a 
suicide attempt".
%
Norm MacDonald: In Atlanta this week, two separate bomb blasts rocked a 
building which houses an abortion clinic. Asked if there were any suspects, an 
FBI spokesman said, "We don't want to rush to judgment like we did in the 
Olympic Park bombing case," but then added, "It's Richard Jewell."
%
Norm MacDonald: In Springfield, Missouri, the local cable company mistakenly 
aired five minutes of explicit sex scenes from the Playboy Channel on the 
Cartoon Network, during an episode of The Flintstones. Experts say that 
children who saw the broadcast called it the "greatest Flintstones episode 
ever!"
In literary news, the ever-reclusive J.D. Salinger will publish his first book 
in 34 years. Asked what inspired him to finally write again, Salinger said, 
"Get the hell off my lawn!"
%
Norm MacDonald: Finally, according to the U.S. News & World Report 1997 Career 
Guide, the best job in the United States, for the second year in a row, is 
Interactive Business System Analyst. However, last year's worst job, Assistant 
Crack Whore, has been replaced by a new worst job: Crack Whore Trainee.
%
Will Ferrell: They say Gene Roddenberry got the idea for Star Trek from Brasky 
talkin' in his sleep!
%
Alec Baldwin: He hated Mexicans!
Will Ferrell: And he was half Mexican!
Mark McKinney: And he hated irony!
%
Alex Trebek: Let's see what Mr. Travolta put: "Meso", a type of soup. Very 
good. And your wager? "Horny". "Meso Horny".
John Travolta: (laughing) Oh, come on, that's hilarious!
Alex Trebek: No, it isn't!
%
Norm MacDonald: In January, production will begin on the seventh season of 
MTV's The Real World. The seven young people appearing in the series will 
represent different backgrounds, ages, religions and sexual orientations. 
However, this year, they will share one trait in common—I will hate them.
%
Colin Quinn: (as the new Weekend Update anchorman) You know how you go to your 
favorite bar, and your local bartender isn't there? You ask, "Where's Jeff?" 
"Jeff no longer works here, I'm Steve." And you're thinking, "Hey, who's this 
idiot? I like Jeff." But you still want your drink? And even though Steve 
doesn't mix your drink the same way you're used to, like Jeff, you still like 
the same bar, you don't want to have to go to a different bar. And even Steve 
might feel kinda bad because Jeff trained him. Jeff showed him how to work the 
cash register, where the tonic was on the soda gun, who tips, who doesn't. 
Well...I'm Steve. What can I get you?
%
Saddam Hussein: Live-time from the New York, it's the Saturday fun hour!
%
Alex Trebek: Let's move on to "Current U.S. Presidents", for $400. And the 
answer is: "He is the current U.S. President. [No one responds, so more clue is 
revealed] He has white hair, and you've probably seen him in the news. His 
first name is 'Bill' [No response] Mr. Goldblum, I know for a fact you had 
dinner with him recently. His last name is Clinton! His name is Bill Clinton, 
please someone simply say, 'Who is Bill Clinton?'" Someone just say it! Anyone. 
[Timer sounds] And the show has reached a new low.
%
Alex Trebek: Let's see what you put: "2". The number 2!
Jeff Goldblum: Aha! Aha! The letter 2, my friend!
Alex Trebek: No, 2 is a number.
Jeff Goldblum: I can't read or write.
%
Sean Connery: I'll take 'Famous Titties' for 400, Alex.
Alex Trebek: It's actually 'Famous Titles', Mr. Connery.
%
Bill Clinton: Live, from New York, it's Gloatin' Time!
%
Alex Trebek: Let's see what Mr. Cage put... and your podium is missing.
Nicolas Cage: I don't know where it went. I'm confused.
%
Alex Trebek: Let's see what Calista Flockhart put for an answer. Nothing. And 
your wager? Nothing!
Calista Flockhart: The pen was too heavy.
%
Sean Connery: I've got to ask you about 'The Penis Mightier'.
Alex Trebek: The what? No, that's 'The Pen Is Mightier, Mr. Connery.
Sean Connery: Gussy it up all you want, Trebek, what matters is: does it work? 
Will it really mighty my penis, man?!
Nicolas Cage: Wait, wait, are you guys selling penis mightiers?
Alex Trebek: No!
%
Alex Trebek: Let's see your answer. Oh, I'm sorry, that must be your wager: a 
buck. And your answer is..."Futter". Buck Futter. I don't get it.
Sean Connery: Oh...I think you do, Trebek. Think you do, indeed.
Alex Trebek: Well, thanks for joining us.
Sean Connery: Buck Futter!
%
Burt Reynolds: I know some French! You're an asswipe. Pardon my French.
French Stewart: My name is French!
Burt Reynolds: Yeah, who gives a crap?
%
Norm MacDonald: How did I get to be so goddamned funny?!
%
Alex Trebek: Mr. Reynolds has apparently changed his name to 'Turd Ferguson'.
Burt Reynolds: It's a funny name.
Alex Trebek: No, it isn't.
%
Bruce Dickinson: I gotta have more cowbell!
%
Bruce Dickinson: Gentlemen, I put my pants on like you: one leg at a time. 
Except, once my pants are on I make gold records.
%
Bruce Dickinson: I got a fever! And the only prescription is more cowbell!
%
Keanu Reeves: I know kung fu!
Alex Trebek: For the last time, no you don't.
%
Alex Trebek: Let's just go with Foreign Flicks for $800.
Sean Connery: [buzzing in] Ursula Andress.
Alex Trebek: What?
Sean Connery: Ursula Andress, Catherine Deneuve, and Charo, twice.
Alex Trebek: That's Foreign Flicks, Mr. Connery.
%
Jim Lehrer (Chris Parnell): Well, that brings us to the close of tonight's 
debate. Each candidate will now give a brief closing statement.
Al Gore (Darrell Hammond): Jim, may I make two closing statements?
Jim Lehrer: I'm afraid not. In fact, we are almost out of time, so I will 
instead ask each candidate to sum up, in a single word, the best argument for 
his candidacy. Governor Bush?
George W. Bush (Will Ferrell): Strategery.
Jim Lehrer: Vice-President Gore.
Al Gore: Lock-box.
%
Tracy Morgan: Live from New York, it's Jennifer Lopez's booty!
%
Tina Fey: According to a report released Tuesday, female inmates in the United 
States have been victims of sexual misconduct by corrections employees in every 
state, except Minnesota. So ladies, if you wanna rob a bank, but you don’t 
want your cooter poked, head to beautiful Minnesota, land of 10,000 lakes.
%
Centaur Doctor: Are we going to ask any questions about my medical background?
Interviewing Doctor: The rest of the interview will be centaur questions.
%
Interviewing Doctor: Is there centaur pornography?
Centaur Doctor: Yes, there is centaur porn.
Interviewing Doctor: If I were to watch centaur porn, but with a piece of 
cardboard covering the horse parts, would I find the female actresses 
attractive?
Centaur Doctor: Probably, but you gotta remember: sooner or later, there's 
gonna be a horse penis in there.
%
Chris Matthews: That's tough talk coming from a people whose only contribution 
to Western culture is Gerard Depardieu and that horny skunk!
%
Lorne Michaels: Can we be funny?
Mayor Rudy Giuliani: Why start now?
%
George W. Bush: (in a message to Osama bin Ladin) If you really wanted to win 
against me at something, you should have challenged me to a game of Scrabble. 
Or perhaps a beard-off, for you see, I don't have a beard. And when I do, it 
comes in all patchy.
%
George W. Bush: Don't mess with Texas.
%
Tina Fey: The cover story of New York Magazine this week is "Baby Panic". This 
goes perfectly with the other magazines on my coffee table - "Where Are The 
Babies?", "Why Haven't You Had A Baby?", and "For God's Sake, Have A Baby!" 
Thanks, Time Magazine, just what I need - another article so depressing, I can 
actually hear my ovaries curling up.
According to author Sylvia Hewlett, career women shouldn't wait to have babies 
because our fertility takes a steep drop-off after age 27. And Sylvia's right - 
I definitely should have had a baby when I was 27, living in Chicago over a 
biker bar, pulling down a cool $12,000 a year. That would have worked out 
great. But Sylvia's message is basically that feminism can't change nature - 
which is true, alright. If feminism could change nature, Ruth Bader Ginsberg 
would be all oiled up on the cover of Mac - but she's not.
Ladies, there's no reason to panic, though. It's out of your control, anyway. 
Either your cooter works, or it doesn't. My mom had me when she was 40, and 
this was back in the 70s, when the only fertility aid was Harley's Bristol 
Creme. So, waiting is just a risk that I'm going to have to take. And I don't 
think I could do fertility drugs, because, to me, six half-pound translucent 
babies is not a miracle. It's gross. I'd rather adopt a baby, I don't need a 
kid that looks like me. I was an ugly kid. I looked like a cross between that 
chick from the Indigo Girls and.. the other chick from the Indigo Girls. Not a 
cute kid, alright.
Dratch, Poehler, Maya? how do you feel about author Sylvia Hewlett?
Rachel, Maya, Amy: We hated Sylvia Hewlett!
Rachel Dratch: Yeah. Sylvia, um, thanks for reminding me that I have to hurry 
up and have a baby. Uh, me and my four cats will get right on that.
Amy Poehler: My neighbor has this adorable, cute little Chinese baby that 
speaks Italian. So, you know, I’ll just buy one of those.
Maya Rudolph: Yeah, Sylvia, maybe your next book should tell men our age to 
stop playing Grand Theft Auto III, and holding out for the chick from Alias.
Rachel and Amy: Yeah.
Tina Fey: You're not gonna get the chick from Alias!
Maya Rudolph: Yeah, why don't you just shut up and put a baby in here! 
[pointing around her crotch]
Amy Poehler: You guys want to go and, uh, stare at Ana some more?
Maya Rudolph: Yeah!
Rachel Dratch: Okay!
%
Borat Sagdiyev: Alive from New York - home of the Jew - it's Saturday night!
%
Oprah (Maya Rudolph): (to Darfur refugee) Let's talk about this, Olessi. Why do 
you think things are going badly?
Olessi Oneweeja (Kenan Thompson): Well, as you may or may not know, this region 
is four years into a brutal conflict which has claimed over 200,000 lives, the 
UN has refused to classify the conflict as a genocide, and while there is a 
current ceasefire, I don't think anyone thinks it's permanent.
Oprah and Rhonda Byrne (Amy Poehler): Very negative thinking, very negative.
Oprah: Secret!
Rhonda: Olessi, I know this is hard for you to hear, but your outlook is what's 
hurting you.
Olessi: No, I think it's the Janjaweed.
Rhonda: No, it's you!
Oprah: Olessi, did you get the copy of The Secret we sent?
Olessi: Yes.
Oprah: And? Did you read it?
Olessi: No.
Rhonda: Why not?
Olessi: Because I ate it.
Oprah: Well, digest every word.
%
Dakota Fanning: When I hear the word 'hotel', it invokes images of Hotel Rwanda 
about the Rwandan Genocide.
Dylan Sprouse: Dakota, you're scaring us!
%
Sarah Palin (Tina Fey): You know, Hillary and I don't agree on everythi...
Hillary Clinton (Amy Poehler): [cutting in] On anything! I believe that 
diplomacy should be the cornerstone of any foreign policy.
Sarah Palin: And I can see Russia from my house!
Hillary Clinton: I believe that global warming is caused by man.
Sarah Palin: And I believe it's just God hugging us closer!
Hillary Clinton: I don't agree with the Bush Doctrine.
Sarah Palin: [laughs] I don't know what that is!
Hillary Clinton: But, Sarah, one thing we can agree on is that sexism can never 
be allowed to permeate a American election.
Sarah Palin: So, please, stop Photoshopping my head on sexy bikini pictures!
Hillary Clinton: And stop saying I have cankles!
Sarah Palin: Don't refer to me as a MILF!
Hillary Clinton: Don't refer to me as a FLIRJ! I Googled what it stands for, 
and I do not like it!
%
Madonna: What the hell is a discostick?
Lady Gaga: (singing) I think you know.
DJ Dynasty Handbag: I want you two to behave.
Lady Gaga: Ok we'll try.
Lady Gaga: Hey guess what Madonna...I'm totally hotter than you.
Madonna: Hey guess what (hits Lady Gaga's head) I'm totally taller than you. 
And what kinda of a name is Lady Gaga? It sounds like baby food.
Lady Gaga: The kind that's #1 on the Billboard charts. (attacks Madonna)
DJ Dynasty Handbag: I said behave beotches.
Madonna: You better stop interrupting us
Lady Gaga: Yeah we're pop icons Respect (gives Madonna a high 5)
(Lady Gaga and Madonna start to fight again)
DJ Dynasty Handbag: I want you two to kiss and make up
Madonna: Ok
Lady Gaga: Excellent
Madonna: You made my ring come off
Lady Gaga: Sorry
DJ Dynasty Handbag: Kiss each other
(about to kiss then DJ Dynasty Handbag gets in between them.)
%
Lady Gaga: Born in New York, in Lenox Hill of ‘86
Cheered for the Yankees with my dad in Section 6
And after traveling, just dancing round the world
I still prefer a beer and whiskey with my friends on Rivington street
...
I miss every little thing about the city
Subway trains, the girls are pretty
Love the hot dogs on 72nd street
They’re tasty and they’re cheap
Was just a waitress on Cornelia
Now I’m living my dreams, baby!
Singing about my Poker Face
New York, It’s Saturday night!
%
Seth Meyers: This week you didn't need Cinemax to see someone get screwed on 
TV. So how did NBC let it come to this? Well, I think I can explain it. Let's 
say you're married and it's the #1 marriage in the country, but then you meet 
someone else who sweeps you off your feet, so you say to her, "I want to marry 
you, in five years," and she says, "Yes, I will wait five years to marry you." 
So then you go home and you tell your current wife, "Honey, in five years we're 
getting a divorce." Now you might think your current wife would be super cool 
with that and thank you for being honest, but it turns out she's actually super 
mad and as the five years pass she gets in really good shape. So when the time 
comes for the divorce, she's looking better than ever. She looks so good that 
you see other people looking at her and you get jealous, so you come up with an 
awesome plan: you'll still marry the second person, but you'll also stay 
married to the first. So you tell the new wife, "Good news! We're totally 
married, but every night when I get home I'm gonna spend a half hour with my 
first wife first, but then I'm all yours." And before you even see how she 
feels about it, you hold a big press conference and tell people you've changed 
the future of marriage. Now if you think the new wife is cool with this plan, 
she's not. She's super mad. And the first wife is also acting weird because, 
you know, you have two wives. But then, just when you think you're stuck, you 
come up with a perfect plan to solve all your problems: You kill your second 
wife.
%
Zach: I really don't know what I'm doing here! I don't know what I'm talking 
aboot. Excuse me -- I've been in canada, opening up for Miles 
Davis...Kilometers Davis.
I like dark comedies. That's why I like the Wayans Brothers.
My girlfriend looks a little bit like Charlize Theron, and a lot like Dog the 
Bounty Hunter. She's writing a book about contemporary feminist theory. She let 
me read the manuscript and I got to say: It's pretty good for a girl.
I went to my school reunion not too long ago, and it was very weird...because I 
was home schooled. Just me there by a bowl of punch, listening to Kool and the 
Gang. Why I rented that limousine, I have no idea.
This woman said to me the other day, "Zach, I like your beard," and I said, 
"Look, I'm Greek. This isn't a beard. This is part of my eyebrow."
[To the band] Are you guys just gonna sit there? I thought we were gonna 
rehearse something. [The band joins him] There we go.
Sometimes I'll do something and I say to myself, "That is so Raven." And then, 
other times I'll do something and I'll be like, "That was not very Raven."
If you read my blog, you know I'm a pilates freak. And by pilates, I mean 
waffles.
I've been trying to quit drinking. The other day I drank a 12-pack of O'Doul's, 
and I went riding around in my car and I got pulled over by a cop. He's like, 
"Son, have you been drinking?" And I'm like, "Uh, sort of." he said, "What have 
you been drinking?" and I said "O'Doul's, nonalcoholic beer." And he wrote me a 
ticket for being a gaylord.
I was reading on CNN.com today, before the show. You know that kid who had sex 
with his high school teacher about a year ago? I read online today that that 
kid died, today. He died of high-fiving. He was in a high-fiving accident.
%
Sarah Palin: Are You Smarter than a Half-Term Governor?
%
Seth Meyers: Where can tourists go if they're looking for a great time in New 
York City?
Stefon: If you're looking for a good time, look no further. New York's hottest 
club is Crease. Club promoter Trannie Oakley has gone all out, and inside it's 
just everything—lights, psychos, Furbys, screaming babies in Mozart wigs, 
sunburned drifters with soap-sud beards...
Seth Meyers: I'm sorry, I'm sorry, what?
Stefon: You know, it's that thing where a hobo becomes a rich man, so they take 
the big bubble bath.
Seth Meyers: I...think I know what you mean. But now Stefon, if people, like if 
a family of normal people were looking to see some of the classic New York 
sights, you know, like Central Park or places like that, Statue of Liberty, 
would you have any recommendations?
Stefon: Yes. New York's hottest club is Wesh. Nine-year-old pimp Ichi Yakaguru 
is back with an all-new hot-spot that answers the question: "What?" This place 
has everything—trants, stilts, throw-up music, an albino that looks like 
Susan Powter, Teddy Graham people...
Seth Meyers: I'm sorry, I'm sorry, could I stop you for a second? What are 
Teddy Graham people?
Stefon: It's that think of like, when a guy has the stumpy arms but with the 
belly.
Seth Meyers: Yeah, that's definitely not a thing. You're doing great, Stefon, 
but again, if we were talking about just regular, run-of-the-mill people, maybe 
from the Midwest, who were just looking to do something with their kids or 
their grandparents, if they were coming here, could you recommend someplace 
that would be fun for them?
Stefon: New York's hottest club is Twice. Don't be thrown off when you're 
greeted at the door by a rabbi that looks like Joaquin Phoenix. you're at the 
right place. Club owner Robert Blake has thought of everything—goths, 
carnival barkers, groups of guys with Afros in graduation caps, human fire 
hydrants...
Seth Meyers: What is a human fire hydrant?
Stefon: You know, it's that thing of when high-waisted midgets have, 
like...[trying not to laugh] I know, I'm doing great. It's that thing when 
high-waisted midgets have, like, the red pants and the big ass.
Seth Meyers: Oh right, that thing. Look, Stefon, we asked you to come here and 
tell us about the fun touristy things, we were pretty clear on the phone. 
Places people, regular people could go on a spring weekend.
Stefon: Right, mm-hmm.
Seth Meyers: But I have to say the things you described sound like visions a 
dying gay man might have if he was under too many blankets.
Stefon: Fair, fair.
Seth Meyers: But you know what, Stefon? Your heart was in the right place, and 
I really enjoyed having you here.
Stefon: Oh, yay!
%
Seth Meyers: So, Stefon, right off the bat, it's great to see you. What did you 
do this summer?
Stefon: All of it.
Seth Meyers: So, Stefon, if someone is coming—relax, buddy, you're gonna do 
great. If someone is coming to the city this fall and wants to have the full 
New York experience—you know, do some fun stuff—where should they go?
Stefon: If you're looking for an experience, look no further. New York's 
hottest club is Trash. As you step through the stainless steel doors of this 
meat-packing hot spot, you'll be greeted by none other than Pierre the Muslim 
Elvis impersonator. This club has everything—clones, freaks, sneezing, a 
Russian man on a prepaid cell phone, and anyone can get in. There's no 
password. At the door, just do the Cosby face.
Seth Meyers: The Cosby face?
Stefon: Yeah, uh...[Flashes his fingers in front of his face and pokes through 
wide-eyed]
Seth Meyers: Well, that is nice of them to make it so easy for folks to get in. 
But Stefon, what about someone who...let's say they're coming to New York for 
the first time, and they wanna have one of those classic New York nights.
Stefon: Yes, yes, I'm with you.
Seth Meyers: So where should they go?
Stefon: Seth, New York's hottest club is Gush. Club owner Gay Dunaway has built 
a fantasy word...world that answers the question: "Now?". This place has 
everything—geeks, sherpas, a Jamaican nurse wearing a shower cap, room after 
room of broken mirrors, and look over there in the corner. Is that Mick Jagger? 
No, it's a fat kid on a Slip 'n Slide. His knees look like biscuits...[Briefly 
breaks into laughter and covers his face] ...and he's ready to party.
Seth Meyers: It was not Mick Jagger?
Stefon: [fighting through laughter] No, it wasn't Mick Jagger, it was a fat kid 
with biscuit knees.
Seth Meyers: Just wanted to double-check. Stefon, now the reason I wrote you 
and asked you to come back here...
Stefon: A letter.
Seth Meyers: I wrote you a letter 'cause that's the only way you'll 
communicate. I wrote you the letter and I asked you to come back here because 
New York is really making a push...tourism push for normal American families.
Stefon: Yes, they are.
Seth Meyers: They are, yes. Yes, so if you could just take a minute, and you 
don't have to do it now, but if you could take a minute and think of just some 
fun wholesome places, not for people like you, but for visitors—American 
visitors from normal middle America, we would really appreciate it. So just 
don't talk until you're sure you have it.
Stefon: I got it already. New York's hottest club is Push! This club has 
everything—ghosts, banjos, Carl Paladino, a stuck-up kitten who won't sign 
autographs, Furkels...
Seth Meyers: Do I wanna know?
Stefon: Yes, you do.
Seth Meyers: Furkels are...
Stefon: Fat Urkels.
Seth Meyers: Sure they are.
Stefon: And after you've been with one of those guys, you'll ask yourself, "Did 
I do that?"
Seth Meyers: Stefon, if I were you, I'd be asking myself that all the time. 
Stefon, not to belabor the point, but we were looking for fun activities a mom, 
a dad, a grandma, a grandpa, and some kids could enjoy. You instead took us on 
a tour of a coked-up gay Candyland.
Stefon: That's accurate, that's accurate.
Seth Meyers: But I think we'll have you back.
Stefon: Hooray!
%
Miley: There's a photo of me being kissed by a dude
And Annie Leibovitz tried to get me nude
For those of you who think that's very crude
I’m sorry that I'm not perfect!
%
I never stole a necklace or got a DUI.
Never cheated on my wife like that golfer guy
So what, you could see a little boob from the side?
I'm sorry that I'm not perfect!
%
And sure, I danced on a pole, and people called it sinning
But at least I didn't date a porn star and tell everyone I'm "winning."
%
[Joined by Kristen and Bobby]
Kristen: Didn't make a dirty tape and pass it along.
Bobby: Didn't text a photo of your dong.
Miley: Don't both of these things seem worse than a bong?
I'm sorry
Kristen and Bobby: She's sorry
Miley: So sorry
Kristen and Bobby: So sorry
Miley: Really sorry that I'm not...
Miley, Kristen and Bobby: Perfect!
%
Seth Meyers: Donald Trump, who claims to be testing the waters for a 
presidential bid, sparked controversy this week by demanding to see Barack 
Obama's birth certificate. Look, if Donald Trump wants to talk about Barack 
Obama's birth certificate, what do I care? Though if he loves America so much, 
why does he keep outsourcing the job of his wife? What bothers me is that he's 
getting so much attention for this fake presidential run. I know Trump thinks 
any publicity is good publicity, the same way he apparently thinks any hair is 
good hair. But why are the rest of us talking about this like he really might 
be President? If saying you were going to do something counted, my dad would be 
on the cover of Finished Basement Magazine.
I think the problem is that with this GOP field, Trump actually seems like a 
viable candidate, and conversely, all the candidates remind me of contestants 
on Celebrity Apprentice. Look, Newt Gingrich, you're a trusted conservative, 
you're a religious man, you brought divorce papers to your wife when she was in 
the hospital for cancer. [Singing] Two out of three ain't bad, that makes you 
Meat Loaf, and you're fired.
Mitt Romney, you basically created Obamacare in Massachusetts, and now you're 
running against it, so you're attacking the exact same thing you used to get 
ahead. You're Jose Canseco, and you're fired.
Rick Santorum, this week you said that the reason Social Security is insolvent 
is that America has aborted 1/3 of its children. Everything out of your mouth 
makes me say, "WHAT?!" You're Lil Jon, and you're fired.
Herman Cain, I don't know a single thing about you. You're John Rich, and 
you're fired.
Sarah Palin and Michele Bachmann, sexy from a distance, crazy up close. Lisa 
Rinna and NeNe Leakes, you're fired, you're fired.
And finally, Donald Trump, you're bossy, you're entitled, you probably still 
listen to Burt Bacharach. You're Dionne Warwick, and you're fired.
%